# Book One {-}

## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

My parents were happiest when my mother was pregnant with me, at least
that's what my grandfather had said---except for one minor and
short-lived argument early during her pregnancy; the major ones would
come later: My mother wanted to name me Joseph Michael Turnus after my
two deceased brothers, but my father adamantly objected---thank God. And
I'm not giving anything away to say that they were never so happy again.

In anticipation of my birth (twenty-nine years ago this month) my
parents had painted my bedroom blue and gold with a white trim, and
stenciled Red Sox and Patriots' logos on the walls. They stocked my room
with soldiers, footballs, baseballs, a horse rocker. On the walls, an
autographed portrait of Carlton Fisk, photos of Knute Rockne, Ara
Parseghian, and Joe Montana; an aerial view of Fenway Park.

It was a fun time for my parents, sharing their dreams for me. My father
saw me in the family construction business, after college of course;
while my mother insisted that her young husky (her nickname for me
during her pregnancy) would play football, eventually getting a
scholarship to Notre Dame, following her father's footsteps. While my
father saw me as a tight end, maybe a defensive end, my mother saw me as
a quarterback, just like her father. In their dreams there was plenty of
room for compromise.

Sounds ideal, right? Off to a great start while still in my mother's
womb?

Except that I was born a girl.

At the hospital, my parents had either forgotten, didn't want to, or
were too upset to give me a middle name, but my grandfather insisted. He
said that not having one would complicate my life (as if my complicated
life could've been any more complicated). Adamant, he expected an
argument with my father---after all, they had argued about everything
else---but surprisingly my father quietly deferred, no doubt distracted
by my mother's grief.

I was named Joanna Meredith Turnus. Â 

Sometimes I wonder if I initially was a boy in my mother's womb, then
somehow became a girl. Sometimes I wonder what it would've been like to
be happy in my gender, never imagining anything but. Sometimes I wonder
if my parents had done everything right---even if they had treated me
like a girl from the beginning and were happy for me---if I still would
have been screwed up. I mean, look at my best friend Rachel: from a
happy and 'normal' family, but she always knew that something was wrong:
that she was a woman trapped in a man's body.

If my mother had known that she was pregnant with a girl, she would have
aborted me. I know that. I overheard her tell my aunt when I was eight
years old, before I even knew what the word meant.