## Alexander Morgan

East Bay Drive.

I'd like to meet the bastard who named this street. Don't look for no
water, except the nearby Neponset River, which ain't exactly swimmable,
never mind drinkable, although just the other day I thought I saw a
school of fish swimming upstream.

East Bay Drive overlooks a sprawling roofing mill, a linoleum plant, and
a paper mill, draping the neighborhood in a milky white, ammonia and
asphalt-stinking semi-fog that stings your friggin' eyes, forcing you to
wear sunglasses even on a cloudy day.

The light had turned red. Lisa was standing curbside in front of her
apartment, wearing brown shorts and a white tank top. She tossed her
blonde hair back over her shoulders. I took a swig of my just-bought
mouthwash. The light turned green. Someone honked. I gave the bastard
the finger. I lowered my window. Assaulted by the stinging stench, I
slowly pulled alongside her.

Lisa ran over to my window, resting her hands on my windowsill. "It's
nice to see you Alexander!" Her chewed fingernails made her small
fingers seem even smaller.

She hugged me immediately when I stepped down from my truck. "I'm so
glad you could come."

I nudged her away, shaking dust from my jeans.

"What's the matter?" she asked.

"Everyone knows I'm your brother-in-law. They might get suspicious."

She led me toward her apartment: the top floor of a dull-grey
triple-decker in a neighborhood of dull-grey triple-deckers. "You know
how many rumors there are about who *I'm* dating, who I *was* dating,
when *I'm* getting divorced?"

"You're getting divorced?"

"That's still a rumor."

I opened her front door, following her up a long flight of creaky,
wooden stairs. "Does Derek still keep track of his steps?"

"Why do you think we live on the top floor?"

I had actually invited Derek to room with me for six months---the six
months from hell---about a year before he met Lisa, so he wouldn't have
to worry about rent after he got laid off. But his obsessive
list-making---and that was the least of his nagging habits---drove me
absolutely nuts. Yeah, lots of people make lists---even I tried it for a
while, thinking it might give us something to talk about, but I kept
losing them, and then forgetting to write down half the shit I needed to
do---but Derek took it one step further, detailing every friggin' detail
of every hour of the day. Like taking a friggin' nap, say Sunday at 3.30
for thirty-five minutes. Who schedules a nap? They're totally unplanned
and unexpected. That's what makes a nap a nap. Maybe that was his
problem: forcing his life---the epitome of dullness---into a logical,
sequential orchestra, when it was anything but.

And then, most people when finished checking and crossing everything off
will toss the list away? Right? Or perhaps use any unchecked items to
start a new list? But Derek filed all his lists in a cabinet in the
basement. I found this out one Sunday afternoon, seeing him in a chair
next to the furnace, reading what looked like a set of instructions.
Assuming he was fixing it---a quite logical assumption, even though it
didn't need fixing---I asked. Without glancing at me, in a voice as if
it were the most natural thing in the world, said that he was studying
his old lists in order to map the future by connecting the past to the
present. Yeah, my fault for asking, but bizarre behavior merits an
explanation.

That was the last time I asked.

If I'm sentenced to hell---which right now looks like a good
possibility---no worse punishment than rooming with Derek for all
eternity, reading his lists night and day in the basement of hell, with
no friggin' windows. Lisa's lucky: she only has to live with that
bastard 'til death does them part.'

On the second-floor landing Lisa abruptly turned, catching me staring at
her pretty, slender legs. "I wish he was that obsessive about me," she
said, brushing away a tear. "Hugs with Lisa, kisses with Lisa, sex with
Lisa, but then there'd be a lot of zeroes."

"You OK?"

"Allergies. And this damn east wind...God I hate this place."

We resumed climbing.

At the top landing, Lisa opened the door and ushered me in. I had
forgotten how depressingly small her apartment was. Centered in her tiny
kitchen was an almost real-looking marble table, with four black,
straight-back chairs. An asparagus fir in the corner added a nice touch.
Since my last visit, she had painted the walls mustard yellow, and on
the opposite wall a four-foot, red rooster.

"Derek was supposed to work overtime," she said in a voice tinged with
anger. "But they cancelled it and he'll be home soon." Lisa took out a
casserole from the refrigerator and slipped it into the oven. "Swedish
meatballs. My mother's recipe. It's already made, I just have to heat
it." She opened the refrigerator and from a not-so-small wine box filled
a glass. Overfilling, she carefully sipped it, handed it to me, then
poured a glass for herself. She led me to the table; we sat opposite.

"I'm sorry things aren't going well between you two," I said.

 She took a long sip of wine. "We live in two separate worlds. Last
 Sunday we were

driving home---if that's what you call this dump---listening to this
song on the radio. I was smiling, thinking of someone else---and so was
Derek. We were in the same car, listening to the same song, but we might
as well had been on different planets." She sighed, looking straight
into my eyes. "I quit my job; did Derek tell you?"

"We don't exactly talk much. Why?"

"People loitering two hours over a cup of coffee don't exactly tip a
lot. I got a new job at an espresso bar in a bookstore, tripling my old
tips---in Cambridge, not too far from you, near the Coop."

"Really? I'm just a couple of blocks away, over the river."

"I know."

"So why haven't you stopped by?"

 "I work nights, six to closing and you work days, 7.30 to four; so
 when could I stop by?"

 I glanced at my watch. It was ten minutes to six. "Aren't you late?"

"Tonight's my night off---of all the nights for him not to work late;
he's been working overtime every night the last two weeks." Lisa reached
across the table and clasped my hand. "Alexander, I've a favor to ask:
Next weekend I'll be at the Lake celebrating my birthday with my family.
I don't want to be alone with Derek. I just don't---so I was hoping
that, perhaps, you could come along?"

"Me? *Come along?"*

"Yes, take him fishing; he's been anxious to go with you again."

"Are you friggin' serious? That was the worst week of my life."

"Please, Alexander." A buzzing oven timer prompted Lisa to rise. "The
casserole's done!"

I wanted to say no, excusing myself that I had to work overtime or
something, but instead found myself saying yes, probably because I was
so relieved that's all she asked, that she didn't want to make love
right then in her stifling, suffocating apartment.

"Thanks, Alexander, I'll make it up to you!"

Lisa opened the oven door. "What?" She looked at me, confused. "I *did*
turn it on? What the hell happened?"

"Maybe the pilot's out?"

"It's electric."

"I can't stay," I said, standing up. "I don't want to see Derek. Not
tonight."

"What? What about the casserole? I made it for you!"

"Freeze it and bring it to the Lake."

"So you will come?" She kissed me.

"Yes."

We kissed again, this time a little longer.