## Joanna Turnus

Were my friends really happy or was their happiness, like mine, a
façade? I would often search their faces for frustration, questioning,
annoyance, aggravation, a wrinkled forehead, an upturned mouth, an angry
eye---anything suggesting that something wasn't right, anything
suggesting that they were confused just like me. But nothing. Never. Not
even a trace.

Once I had asked a friend if she ever wanted to wear boys' clothes, to
cut her hair short---to be a boy. I might as well had asked if she
wanted to go to Mars for lunch. I thought I had noticed a confused look,
a gestating anger, but she looked at me like I was a confessed axe
murderer. It was then that I realized I was different.

Why did God select me to participate in his evil experiment? Wouldn't it
had been more equitable to designate every family's first-born, or
perhaps one person from every neighborhood, or every city, or every
state, as *gender-confused*, rather than randomly select me? (Maybe in a
former life I had sinned against God and he was now exacting his
revenge?) I mean God made both genders but if he really wanted us to be
both he would have made it palatable and more tolerable so that
others---and especially ourselves---could accept it.

Why did God make me an aberration, a weirdo; my prison-body trapping and
suffocating me, announcing to the world that I'm a girl, that I'm
expected to wear girl clothes and do girly things? It would've been
easier if I was also attracted to girls but as my body was changing all
I could think about was boys, but what boy would ever be attracted to a
girl who also wanted to be a boy?

My friends at school relished their changing bodies with excited
apprehension, envying those who had progressed the most, and chastising
those who had progressed least. That's all we talked about, when, of
course, we weren't talking about boys. My friends (and everyone I knew,
for that matter) accepted their gender, although looking back, I don't
think 'accept' was the right word, since that implied a choice and, at
least as far as I knew, no one ever gave it any thought.

Outwardly I shared their excitement but inside I was becoming more
depressed and more alone. My prison-body announced to the world that I
was a girl changing into a woman, but the inner me wanted something
completely different and actively rejected all the girly things I was
obligated to do. I felt like a convicted felon receiving a life sentence
with no possibility of escape or parole. The only interest shared by my
prison-body and the inner me was liking boys---that's all I could think
about.

My mother had planted a faulty compass inside me that I couldn't
extirpate or even deny. It was there, every day, so that no matter what
girly things I was forced to do to my body, no matter how much I liked
boys, I was on course to be one myself.