## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

During our North Falmouth vacation---five dreary days that seemed like
an eternity---I plucked *The Godfather* from a small, built-in bookcase;
the book was sandwiched between *A History of Shipwrecks off Nova
Scotia,* and *A Guidebook to Southern New England Birds---*it was either
that or play solitaire with my parents. I was intrigued by the author
name's---Mario Puzo, thinking that Joanna Meredith Puzo would be
wickedly cool. I noticed that one of the book's characters was named
Michael, just like my older brother. (Even though he had died at birth,
my mother always referred to Michael as her eldest son and insisted that
I call him my older brother.)

I couldn't put the book down, finishing in three days (I read slow). I
was captivated by Sonny's temper, almost as explosive and unpredictable
and uncontrollable as mine (my father's only trait that I inherited). I
had tried everything to ameliorate it: counting to fifty, holding my
breath, staring at the sky, tying my hands behind my back. Nothing
worked except immediately walking away.

Whereas Sonny would fly off the handle in a rage, muscles tightening,
face reddening, my anger would lie dormant for days, weeks---months
even---never dissipating, always gestating; my calm veneer never
betraying the inner turmoil, until one day I would unexpectedly explode
like an overdue pressure cooker.

When I first realized that something was wrong, that I was different, I
blamed myself (like there was anything I could have done) and God (as if
God really cared), my parents, and even my friends (more envy than
blame); and like Madame Defarge I kept a lot inside, silently knitting
my anger, until this one day in junior high I exploded after reading in
*The* *Globe* about this twelve-year-old girl (Savannah), born a boy,
who always knew that she was a girl. (I've always admired
people---especially young kids---who unambiguously know who they are,
despite being born in the wrong body, despite countless people
admonishing them to wait until they're older so that they can understand
God's plan, whatever it was, as if *they* knew best, as if *they* and
they alone were somehow privy to God's plan; despite countless people
saying that they're too young to know better---even though they listen
to their bodies when no one else does. But many of us are cursed with
ambiguity and uncertainty and guilt, and some of us, like my best friend
and soul sister Rachel, could never accept it, never mind live with it.)

Savannah wanted to try out as a cheerleader---everyone said that she was
just as good and just as pretty as everyone else, except, of course, her
parents who refused to accept her as a girl. They got a town ordinance
passed that only born-females could be cheerleaders. Can you imagine?
Her own parents? She pleaded with them but to no avail. Savannah hated
being forced to be someone else. Of course her parents were shocked when
she took her own life, but if you ask me, they were just as guilty as if
they themselves twisted the knife deep into her heart.

I went to her wake and her funeral---yes, I know what you're thinking:
that I shouldn't have gone (like Madame Defarge attending a royal
costume ball), that I should have sent flowers, or a sympathy card (to
whom?) or start my own foundation to help young people like Savannah
(which I eventually did). But I had to attend, for even though I had
never met Savannah, I felt like I had known her my entire life.

I hate to claim anyone's misfortune as a turning point, but Savannah's
funeral was just that for me, an epiphany if you will (although more
visible in the rearview mirror), setting me on a very different path
with an interest in the law and how it can affect people, enabling (or
sometimes not enabling) each of us to reach our full potential. For I
began to realize (slowly) that only law can temper raw emotion, only law
can attenuate the ubiquitous harassment and violence against people like
us, and only law can help nudge values in the right direction. But at
the same time, the wrong law or the lack of any law can have devastating
effects. No one chooses gender confusion---who in their right mind
would? But law can change society's values so that we can accept,
tolerate, and even live with it. And, just as important, and more
personal, by becoming a lawyer I could transmute my anger into something
socially useful, for I refused to be like my father and to end up like
Sonny Corleone and to sit idle while other Savannahs took their own
life.