## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

Our first practice after our first game was terribly brutal, as if we
had lost big-time, as if we didn't know what we were doing, as if the
fans weren't on our side, as if we had bumbled through a lopsided,
excruciating loss. Coach nitpicked every little fault that no one else
would have noticed, that no one else would have even thought to look
for, that probably kept her up all night. But, in retrospect, maybe it
was good to get chewed out: bringing us down a notch before we got too
arrogant; after all this was the beginning of a long season.

I couldn't imagine how such a long practice could've been any longer or
any worse, or even what it would have been like had we lost, but just
when we thought it was finally over (already ninety minutes later than
usual) Coach said that she had videotaped everyone's game performance
and wanted to meet with us individually, immediately; in her office.

Of course, my meeting was last (we went alphabetically), and of course
it was the longest (although I had assumed that when she finally got to
me, she would have exhausted herself)---and it would have been even
longer, had not her husband called.

She handed me my video wrapped in manila paper as if it was a report
card. Plastered on the front was my grade (so far, the highest grade was
a C- with several Fs):

C + [SEE ME]{.ul}

"See me?" I wondered out loud. "But I was a hit with the moms?" Indeed,
they had raved about my 'infectious enthusiasm' making everyone want to
dance, which I guess was easy when we scored on our first six
possessions cruising to a lopsided shutout, in what was supposed to be
our biggest test, our closest game all season. With our ebullient fans
dancing in the stands, anticipating another undefeated season, it would
have been tough to find fault with anything that afternoon.

Except for Coach.

"You have to correct this," Coach said, seeming like she was getting her
second wind, or perhaps she never lost her first? She hurriedly
unwrapped the paper and injected the tape into the machine.
"Sometimes---but not always---you strut like a boy, not in your walk but
in your dance---disjointed, discordant; deliberately exaggerating your
arms and hips like you have something to prove."

*'Strut like a boy?' 'deliberately?' 'like I have something to prove?'*

Coach wasn't exactly angry (perhaps by now she too was tired?),
admitting that I had received the most compliments from the moms, but
that she was just fixing a 'noticeable problem.' Nevertheless, the
meeting was surreal, as if Coach were tiptoeing around a well-guarded
secret, knowing full well what it was. I felt like Montag 'hearing
something in the silence.'

Coach said that while I was in-sync with the team---more so than anyone
else---I was sometimes (thankfully not a lot, otherwise it would have
been a major problem) out of sync with myself---more so than anyone
else. Her solution was simple, practical, and effective: use my body
curves to portray flowing, continuous, feminine motion to preempt any
jerky 'masculine' moves. "No need to go overboard," Coach said. "You're
a girl, so it should be natural to dance like one."

I practiced night and day, determined to fix my 'noticeable problem.' By
the second game, dancing like a girl was almost second nature.

During the first quarter of that game (which, by the way, we also
lopsidedly won, although we surrendered a last-minute field goal which
angered the defense, even more so than a loss, since they were hoping
for back-to-back shutouts), I had an embarrassing mishap. As part of our
uniform, we had to wear a skimpy miniskirt and a black outer panty,
which was fine, but underneath I wore boys' briefs---I had to: it was
the only way I could be myself. It was the only way I could relax and
smile in public. It was the only way I could walk (and dance) like a
girl. During a jumping routine early in the second quarter, the elastic
of my outer panty ripped, sliding down my leg exposing my male briefs.
Two cheerleaders, surprised, immediately shielded me from the crowd.
Obviously nothing was there that shouldn't have been (except the
underwear). Obviously I was a girl.

"My boyfriend's," I said, forcing a laugh. "We got a little carried
away."

"So, he's wearing your panties?" snickered one girl.

"If he did, he wouldn't be my boyfriend."

As soon as I said that I wanted to retract every word, preferably all at
once, as if never said. Sometimes we're forced to say things we don't
really mean, uttering a scripted line, unrehearsed; at the time
convincing to everyone but ourselves. Sometimes we say things too
quickly---later wishing we never had---to comport with the callous,
inelastic expectations of others, as if that's the only barometer, as if
that's all that matters.

I was sure Coach was in the stands secretly videotaping, knitting
evidence against me. But she had left at the beginning of the game for
an urgent family matter and didn't return until half-time. Perhaps she
had someone else videotaping me? But I saw no one suspicious, no one
pointing their cell phone at my skirt. Only two cheerleaders witnessed,
and everything happened so quickly that even if someone in the stands
had happened to see, it wouldn't had been exactly clear what they saw.
My friends laughed it off as innocent fun. Nevertheless, I felt the
Hound's presence, getting closer, 'like a wind that didn't stir the
grass.'

My friends on the cheerleading squad accepted me. Yeah, I was a little
weird, a little masculine now and then, but who was 100% feminine,
whatever that meant? I also laughed a lot (more than anyone) and was
(very) pretty---everyone said so---and I had a major crush on Terry,
which made me really fit in. But I was jealous of the other girls,
jealous that every morning they'd do their make-up, their hair, slip
uncontested into clothes, never thinking twice about being a girl---no
self-doubt, no questions asked, no need for discussion.

As I got older, an inner voice warned that this charade couldn't
continue, that the longer it lasted, the worse it would become; a
threatening, ominous voice, becoming more frequent and more persistent.
My body had become a silent battleground; nothing secured, nothing
battened down, and it wasn't clear who was going to win.