## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

We practiced every Tuesday and Thursday night for two hours outside, or
if it rained, in the gym. But that summer it hardly rained, at least
from what I could remember.

This guy was good. And I'm not just saying so because I was falling in
love with him. Here's just one example: In one of our favorite drills,
Terry, blindfolded at the line of scrimmage, would call a route, count
to four and throw it to where he thought I should be. By the end of
July, he was on target eight times out of ten---better than most
quarterbacks without a blindfold. Then he would blindfold me, forcing me
to sense my route by touch. These two drills---perhaps more than
anything else---helped us understand each other by synchronizing our
speed and timing. By the end of the summer, catching a pass blindfolded
from Terry was almost second nature.

Before every Thursday practice we watched films of opposing teams,
together, alone, in Coach's office. Sometimes it was too much: Terry,
practically naked, sitting next to me; forcing me to take refuge behind
Coach's clipboard, scribbling notes about every defensive back,
defensive lineman---even other receivers---forcing my thoughts
elsewhere. Sometimes I wouldn't shave my legs for days, then one day I
would. Terry always noticed. Immediately. A faint glimmer, a half-smile;
a turned upper lip.

That summer was exhilarating. Each practice flew by, while each off day
laboriously dragged into the next. But as July melted into August and
tryouts loomed, I became more restless. I wanted a lot more from this
guy than just catching his passes all season. And I knew he did as well.
I just knew.

As I showered the morning of football tryouts, I let the water run on my
face. I closed my eyes, imagining Terry embracing me in the warm,
soothing rain. Long, soft kisses. I felt him inside me; his warm body
pressed against my breasts.

When I opened my eyes, his sweetness was on my skin, in the soap, in the
shampoo. With my mother's razor I shaved my left leg. Slowly.
Methodically. Then my right leg. Methodically. Slowly. My bare legs
exuded his salty sweetness. I tingled when my breasts touched my cool,
bare thigh.

An hour before tryouts, I called Coach to say that I wasn't trying out,
that I just couldn't. "Girl problems," I said. He was upset.
Understandably. I apologized. He was yelling. I wasn't listening. I knew
what he was saying. Staring at my chewed-off, unpolished nails, I
carried my phone into the bathroom. In my mother's drawer, I found a
purple nail polish with a hint of brown. Perfect. I sat on the hopper
and painted each nail. Coach ranted. Too much polish on my middle
finger, dribbling onto my thigh; surprised that it didn't stain. I hung
up without saying goodbye---maybe I did, I don't remember.

I closed my eyes and could still smell Terry's sweetness. The phone
rang. It was Terry. Angry. Of course. Girl problems? He wanted to see
me. Immediately. I couldn't. He yelled. I didn't respond. I smiled,
knowing how he really felt about me. I just knew. I painted each nail
again. Then each toenail. The same color. Purple, with a hint of brown.
Careful not to smudge, careful not to drip, careful not to apply too
much. I spilled polish on my mother's small rug where she stood every
morning applying her makeup after her readings, coffee on the sink. I
noticed a small burn mark on the rug, a cigarette burn, but neither my
mother nor my father smokes. Perhaps a late afternoon rendezvous?

Terry was yelling. I smiled, knowing how he really felt about me---I
just knew. I dusted on my mother's mascara. Just the upper lashes.
Perfect. And my mother's lip gloss prettied my thick, pouty lips. Bare,
they looked like inflated earthworms.