## Joanna Turnus

Ok, so why didn't I try out? Why did I back out at the last minute?
Sure, I would've helped Terry break his own school record and
undoubtedly set a few of my own on our way to consecutive championships.
But if so, we would have remained quarterback and receiver forever;
nothing more, nothing less. I wanted more. A lot more. And besides, I
couldn't picture myself hugging Terry after a touchdown pass (there'd be
a lot). How could I trust myself to stop? Or riding home on the bus
after a game, in the dark, sitting next to him? Or being alone with him
practically naked in Coach's office watching game films?

I'm sure you're laughing right now: what does an 8^th^ grade girl know
about love? But in the 8^th^ grade, like a war-orphaned child, I was
wise and mature way beyond my years. I knew what I wanted. And I knew I
would get it. I just knew.

But for us to become a couple, Terry would have to notice me as a girl,
and what better spotlight than being an 8^th^ grade cheerleader? Now I
know what you're thinking: It was bad enough to embrace a stale,
hackneyed caricature of maleness, but why do the same for femaleness (as
if either word has any meaning)? Of course, being a cheerleader didn't
make me a girl or enable me to become a girl (just like playing football
didn't make me a male or enable me to become a male) but back in junior
high, I was unsure and confused and volatile and depressed; not like my
friends whose self-esteem and entire day depended on whether a certain
boy smiled at them. My problem was deeper---a lot deeper. I needed
something to focus on, to grasp, to occupy myself, anything to suppress
the 'other' gender---although I never really knew which was the other. I
thought that by extirpating one I could nurture the other. But it wasn't
until I was much older that I realized that I was both, and that in
order to survive I had to nurture and shepherd both---not exactly clear,
digestible, or even palatable stuff for an eighth-grade girl.

So forgive me for playing football (I was good at it) and for becoming a
cheerleader (I was pretty and athletic and still am, and I was in love
with Terry) and for trying to understand who I was and who I was
becoming. The only certainty in my screwed-up life was that I really
liked boys and that I had a major crush on Terry (as did all of my
friends, and for that matter, just about every girl in 8^th^ grade)
which made me feel somewhat good about myself. No one told me how to
deal with gender ambiguity, no one had offered a recipe. And no one even
suspected me---at least not yet.

I made the cheerleading squad. No surprise there: I was strong and
athletic (a perfect bottom-post pyramid); I had a warm and engaging
smile (the cheerleading coach said so); I had the nicest legs (everyone
said that); and I was prettier than anyone else (my grandfather
insisted).

I eventually became squad captain. Yes, Terry had noticed me as a girl
and we began dating: the star quarterback (who reluctantly found other
receivers, although none as good as me, breaking his own school records)
and the pretty cheerleading captain became high school sweethearts. A
story book romance, right?

It was cheerleading policy to wear a sports bra no matter how
flat-chested you were. I'm sure the other girls didn't think anything
about it: no big deal, I'll just grab one from my drawer. But I had
never worn a bra and thankfully didn't really need one---I was
completely flat-chested---until coincidentally practicing with Terry, or
was it coincidental?

I almost asked my mother to accompany me to the mall, but she would have
exploded; then again, it would've been nice to have gone with someone,
anyone---even my mother, pretending to be normal, doing normal
mother/daughter things. (All of my friends went with their mother to buy
their first bra, turning it into a nice mother-daughter outing, even
getting their ears pierced, if they hadn't already.)

I went to the store myself.

I had no idea my size, only that my breasts were growing and that they
hurt. I asked the first clerk that I could find to help me, surprised
that she wasn't that much older than me.

"This isn't---is this your first bra?" she asked with a touch of
arrogance. "Is your mother with you?"

*Obviously, I was alone.* "She's sick."

"What's your size?"

I shrugged. "Do you have sports bras? I need a sports bra."

"Of course we have sports bras." She nodded to a small, semi-enclosed
room filled with sweatshirts and sweatpants. "What sport do you play?"

"I'm a cheerleader."

For an instant she stared at me confused, as if peering deep inside my
soul and finding something terribly wrong. Then with a measuring tape,
she asked me to raise my arms.

I scooted back. "I can do this myself."

"For your first bra, it's better for me to measure you, so you can see
how it's done."

I insisted I could so myself.

"Fine." She snatched a black bra and a pink one from an adjoining table,
handing me both. "These should fit. . . A sport bra's tighter than a
regular one," she explained in a somewhat nicer tone. "But it
breathes---see the mesh? This one \[the black bra\] has a hook, which
sometimes can be tricky."

I left the pink bra with her and took the black one into the fitting
room.

OK, this should be easy, right? The front's obvious, as is the back, and
the straps go over my shoulders. I slipped the bra on but couldn't hook
the back, so I removed it, hooked it, then slipped it on but couldn't
squeeze my breasts into the cups and the straps dug into my skin.

"Everything OK?" the clerk asked, snooped outside the door.

"Yes!"

She repeated in a few minutes.

"I think it's too small?"

"Too small? Can I come in?" she asked, opening the door. "Yes, it *is*
too small."

I reluctantly let her tape-measure me.

"Are you sure you've never worn a bra before?"

I felt like I was going to throw up.

The clerk left, then quickly returned with a black sports bra,
definitely bigger. "This should fit."

In the fitting room, I hooked the bra, raised my arms, then lowered it
onto my breasts. I put my blouse on. Looking at myself in the mirror, I
was wowed, scared, amazed, and confused by how pretty I was; even the
snotty clerk said so.

"We're running a special," she offered. "Buy one bra, half off the
second. You'll need one when school starts; I'm sure you know how boys
are. And tell your mother we're having a bra-fitting session later this
week."

I forced a smile, nodding.