## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

3:25.

No sign of Walter.

I sat on the hood of his truck; my feet perched on his radiator grille.
3:26; 3.27; 3:28; 3:29. At precisely 3:30, the horn honked right
underneath my ass.

Walter craned out the driver's window. "You dizzy prick! How long were
you gonna just sit there?"

"Why didn't you say something?"

"I *said* 3:30. And where do you think you're goin' like that? Clean
yourself up! Stick your head in the water barrel or something."

"In that friggin' cesspool?"

"Christ, when I was your age, first thing every mornin' I'd dunk my head
in the water barrel and be 'rarin' to go."

"I'll wash inside."

"If you're not back before you leave, I'm leavin' without you."

"Christ, you sound like Phil," I muttered.

No sooner inside, Walter was honking like a bastard. If the door was any
bigger or his truck any smaller, he would've driven right inside. I
cupped my hands and poured cold water over my face, scrubbing clean my
dust-caked face.

Sure enough he had backed to the door, revving the engine. Picture the
starting gate of the Indy 500, with everyone's foot on gas, counting
down the seconds. A young woman, with big brown eyes, wearing a baseball
cap backwards, was leaning into Walter's open passenger window yapping
away on her cell phone.

"Who's she?" I asked, climbing into the passenger seat.

"Joanna. Zachary's daughter, General's legal counsel."

"Dressed like that?"

Walter shrugged. "She can write her own rules, kid."

She continued talking as if she was the only one on the planet. Then she
hung up, abruptly bidding Walter good-bye without even acknowledging me.

"Someone so busy she can't even say hello?"

"She got her hands full, kid, believe me."

"That don't justify rudeness."

Walter leaned on the steering wheel, glaring at me. "I asked you to wear
a clean shirt."

"I've one in my truck."

"Where is it?"

"Where it always is."

"It wasn't there yesterday."

"I moved it for Zella."

"So where's it now?"

"Where it always is."

Walter stepped on the gas, and like a high school kid done for the day,
raced across the parking lot. "Your truck's blockin' the dumpster, kid.
What if the dumpster guy comes?"

"He never empties it unless it's full. And it ain't close to being full.
And besides, he just emptied it Friday." I jumped out, grabbed my
T-shirt and was back in Walter's truck before he had shifted into
neutral.

"A Patriots T-shirt? We're going to the Seaport District, not the Black
Rose."

"Mr. Tux is running a special all week---everything but the shoes. We
can stop on the way. And maybe you can rent one; I heard they're also
offering a two-for-one special."

Walter reached over to the glove compartment and pulled out an electric
razor. He tilted the rear-view mirror toward him and started shaving as
we roared out of the parking lot.

"At least pull over so you don't get us killed."

"When did you last shave, kid?"

"Me?" I smiled, stroking my stubbled chin. "Two days ago. Women like
it."

He handed me the razor. "Well, Zachary ain't no woman. When I was
workin' with Anthony, he insisted we shave *every* mornin' before work.
If not, he'd send us home. Only happened once, kid."

"That was then and this is now," I replied, stroking my chin. "Unless it
interferes with how I do my job---which it don't---or if there's some
friggin' regulation forcing me to shave every hour on the hour---which
there ain't---I'll keep it."

"It's a matter of respect, kid."

"Respect for whom?"

"Most men would kill for a jaw like yours. Why don't you shave all that
crap off so women can actually see it."

I returned the razor to its rightful habitat, slamming shut the glove
compartment. Apologizing, I reopened it, then gently shut it.

"What's eatin' you kid? You've been like this all day."

"Nothing's eating me." I tried stretching the seat back. "Don't your
goddammed seat go back any further?"

"That's as far as it goes, kid. Anything else?"

"Order a pizza. I'm sure they deliver."

"If *you* were ready on time like I had asked you, we would've missed
all this."

"What? *You* made me sit on my ass for an hour."

"It wasn't even five---."

"My truck? I forgot to lock it."

"You did. I saw *and* heard you. And besides Phil locks the gate every
evenin'. The one friggin' thing he gets right."

"Can you call and check if he did?"

"Why so worried kid? You stashin' away gold bars?"\
"My truck's brand new."

"No shit. If you bought a used one like I suggested, you---"

"Don't start that shit again." I closed my eyes and stretched back as
far as I could in a seat that didn't go back all the way.

Walter flipped on his stupid talk radio program.

"Can you turn that crap down?"

"If you saved some money now and then you could sleep better at night
and wouldn't need no naps in the middle of the afternoon. That's the
difference between you and me kid: When I was your age, I bought a '67
Chevy pickup. Used. Paid cash. No wonder you ain't got a pot to piss
in."

"What the hell has that got to do with taking a nap? You ain't making no
sense. You never make no sense." I was tired and needed a quick nap and
the only way to do so would be if I could get him to tell a story,
something that I've heard at least a million times---that should be
easy; then he'd lower the volume and his voice would monotone me to
sleep. The perfect question came easy: "What was it like working for
Zachary's old man?"

Walter immediately lowered the volume, and in a perfectly pitched
monotone, began retelling the story that everyone has heard at least a
million times. "No matter how early I arrived at the shop, Anthony was
always there pourin' over plans. Wooden clipboards hangin' on the bare
sheetrock. You couldn't see nothin' with all the goddamned cigarette
smoke. No windows, so you never knew if it was day or light. Next to his
desk was a globe. He knew every country and its friggin' capital. Not
bad for a guy who never left New England---except once when he went to
Albany for his niece's wedding. He was always braggin' that he lived
just a mile from where he was born. When I arrived at the office---5.30
sharp---I filled my thermos---there was always a full pot of coffee
waitin' for me. Peerin' above his plywood-angled desk, he would salute
hello, wrap up quickly while chattin' about the day's job and we'd soon
be on our way.

"If it weren't for the cigarettes, his drivin' would've killed us:
tailgatin' and beepin', and passin'---even on a one-way street; he never
understood no-passin' signs---while writin' in his notebook. He was
always thinkin' and talkin' about the job, especially drivin', while
smokin' a cigarette and drinkin' coffee. If cell phones had been
invented back then, he'd be smokin', writin', and yappin' away, with no
hands on the friggin' wheel."

"You ain't much better."

"He was the most recklessly careful driver I knew."

"What the hell does that even mean?"

"You know, drivin' with the flow, doin' what everyone else expects with
no surprises: speedin' up for a red light, not lettin' no one in, not
yieldin' at a rotary---we never got into an accident."

"A friggin' miracle if there ever was one," I muttered, closing my eyes.

"He even died with a cigarette in his mouth. Right there next to me, on
the stagin'. I thought he had slipped and lost his balance, but by the
time I realized what happened, it was too late."

I sat up, opening me eyes. *This was new? But how could I have missed
this?* "That must've been something? Have him keel over right in front
of you?"

"I called 911, givin' him mouth-to mouth but he died instantly. Massive
heart attack. Nothin' no one could've done."

"Zachary must've been devastated, losing his old man, especially on the
job like that?"

"Are you kiddin'? That was the happiest day of his life."

I looked at Walter, confused.

"They hated each other, always fightin,'---you knew that kid. The
friction, the dislike was so intense. Sparks flew whenever they was
together, fightin' about everythin' and especially General. Zachary
wanted the largest construction company in New England, while Anthony
preferred it small and family-run. The irony of friggin' ironies: they
was family in name only---just a collection of individuals who happened
to be related. That's what killed him, if you ask me: none of his
goddamned offspring gettin' along.

"Maybe that's why father and soon never got along: two peas in a
friggin' pod, with the same awful temper, although Zachary's was worse,
like somethin' was always festerin' deep inside. His first day workin'
with me, the day after Christmas his sophomore year in high school---are
you listenin', kid?"

*Unfortunately*.

"He was pissed that his old man had him workin' while his buddies had
the friggin' week off. Christ, when I was his age, I'd be happy as a
clam workin'. I was teachin' him how to build stagin'. When this
half-bent brace wouldn't fit, he whacked it against the wall and flung
it as far as he could, almost decapitatin' two electricians. Then he
took another brace, connected it and finished as if nothin' happened. I
don't know what was scarier: his initial anger or not acknowledgin'
nothin' about it. Anthony laughed it off, sayin' kids have to let off
steam now and then."

"What about you and Zachary? You two get along?"

"I never could trust the bastard."

"Christ, you say that about everyone---even me."

"There's the buildin', kid." Walter pointed to a slender, grey-stone,
medium-size building in the Seaport District, overlooking the harbor.