## Joanna Turnus

I should tell you something about my grandfather, something that I'm
sure you've long suspected, but it's important. That afternoon back in
sixth grade, driving home from his birthday celebration at Bubbling
Brook, he asked why I didn't shave my legs, but in such a caring way
that I could only answer honestly. (It was the first time anyone had
asked.) Everything gushed out. Despite our closeness, or maybe because
of it, I expected my grandfather to wave his hands in disgust, asking
why such a pretty girl would want to become a boy, chastising me for
daring to challenge God's plan (as if He had one for me) as so many
others would later heartlessly say, as if they were privy to God's inner
workings, as if one inelastic exhortation could change me and set me on
their pre-conceived self-righteous path, as if they knew who I was. But
my grandfather let me speak without interrupting; listening, leaning,
handing me an occasional Kleenex, taking my hand (he was driving).

After driving around with no particular place to go, which was fine---it
was nice to talk, no matter where, even in his truck, just the two of
us, without any distractions---we found ourselves walking along
Wollaston Beach in Quincy, comforted by the salt air, Boston's skyline,
planes landing at nearby Logan airport, one after another.

My grandfather wrapped his arm around me protecting against a raw breeze
snapping off the water, promising to always love me for who I was, and
if I wasn't sure, that was OK, there was no rush to find out, he was not
going anywhere; that life is rich and diverse and so is identity, so
there's no need to pretend based on others' expectations. 'You must
become the author of your life, rather than a pawn for others,' he said,
'despite what others have done and what others would like to do. And if
so, you *will* find that special someone who will love you for you are
and not for who you're supposed to be.' I was surprised by how much my
grandfather knew and how much he cared.

He said that my gender uncertainty would give me a third eye, so to
speak, a sixth sense, an acumen (I had to ask him what that meant) that
no one else had, along with courage, humility, compassion (a special
gift from God), a sense of humor, and an empathy that would enable me to
go anywhere and do anything; a creative edge that I would use to make
the world better.

Of course, back then his words didn't exactly make sense, but I never
forgot them: they enabled me to survive the tragedy soon to come, and
then graduate top in my high school class and have the courage to go to
Columbia Law School, graduating second in my class; eventually finding
an occupation that I love and one that I'm able to give back so much.

That evening my grandfather took me to the Old Post Inn, his favorite
restaurant, just the two of us, our first of many dinners there. During
dinner, my grandfather officially nicknamed me Molasses for being the
world's slowest eater, which I was and still am. And if so, he was the
world's second slowest eater, so I nicknamed him Molasses Two. My
grandfather laughed, promising that my first-born (already nicknamed
Molasses Three) would eat even slower and put us both to shame!