## Joanna Turnus

My grandfather nudged me awake. "We're here, Molasses!"

"Anthony!" my grandmother reprimanded. "She has such a pretty name."

I had been asleep in the warm front seat of my grandfather's
truck---quite comfortably I might add---snuggled between my
grandparents, on the way to the Lake. My grandfather's lake: the lake
where he swam every Sunday, the lake where he met my grandmother, the
lake that he promised to take me swimming (hopefully waiting until
summer), the lake that gave me my middle name.

My grandmother helped me down from the truck. I stretched, rubbing my
eyes, not quite awake, not sure if I was awake just yet, half-listening
to my grandfather excitedly explain that we had parked on a scenic
overlook along the eastern shore of the Lake, on Highway 11, just east
of Sleeper's Point.

"I can see how Sleeper's Point got its name," I said, exaggerating a
yawn.

My grandmother laughed.

The Lake sprawled before us: 22 miles end-to-end. I had never seen so
many islands in one place; 252, my grandfather boasted. The air was
crisp and the sky clear, unusual for New Hampshire in mid-November.

My grandfather wrapped his arm around me. "See the large expanse of open
water just east of them two islands? That's where I swim. It's called
the Broads because it's so open. Sometimes it's as rough as the
ocean---the winds can be so unpredictable---and sometimes it can be
smooth as glass---like today."

*Too bad it's so cold.*

"You should start her off in a cove, Anthony. She's just thirteen."

"She'll be fine; and besides, I'll be right with her."

Seeing the two of them now, you'd never guess that he was the swimmer.
My grandfather didn't have much of a swimmer's build, and actually my
grandmother was more athletic looking: slender, strong, stern, outwardly
dour but inwardly warm. She never swam with him but would always
accompany him in a dinghy to shield him from bigger boats---after all,
no one expected a swimmer in the middle of the Lake---and in case he
ever got a cramp (which he never did, my grandfather had boasted).

I nestled between my grandparents listening to grandfather: "That's
Rattlesnake Island. Some people say that from the air it looks like a
rattlesnake, while others say that years ago the island periodically
would become so infested with snakes that the residents would have to
burn everything---but they always returned."

"The people or the snakes?" I asked.

My grandmother laughed, clasping my hand.

"Any water snakes?" I asked.

"Not where we swim, Molasses; they don't like people. See the island
just to the left of the Broads? That's Bear Island, where your
grandmother and I picnic when we're done swimming. When I was younger,
sometimes I'd see a bear swimming around the island, but not now,
there's too many people."

"Anthony, you're scaring the poor thing with rattlesnakes and bears."

"As long as there isn't a piranha island," I said, half-serious.

Directly across from us was a non-functioning lighthouse perched on a
narrow spit.

"If you look north/northeast, Joanna," my grandmother said, pointing.
"That's Center Harbor. I grew up just west in a wonderful farmhouse
overlooking the Lake."

Beyond Center Harbor, rose steep, cold-grey hills, and further yonder, a
range of mountains. Looming majestically in the distance was snow-clad
Mount Washington.

"It's unusual to see the Mount," my grandfather boasted, seeming
surprised. "Especially in November. On a clear day, you can see it from
the Atlantic. It used to have the world's highest wind speed, but
someone beat us out in Australia, I think."

"Hard to imagine," I said. "It looks so calm and peaceful."

"That's where all the North American air masses converge. The summit
is---"

"I'm sure Joanna's hungry." My grandmother scooted me into the truck.
"And I'm getting cold."

We drove down the hill, away from Sleeper's Point, then west along the
long wide bay; my grandfather rattling off the names of the towns and
villages that dotted the Lake: Meredith, Weirs Beach, Laconia, Gilford,
Alton Bay, Moultonborough, Tuftonboro, Center Harbor, Wolfeboro---"

"I'm glad you two didn't meet in Wolfeboro; I couldn't imagine being
Joanna Wolfeboro Turnus."

My grandmother laughed.

"The lake's clear as glass today," said my grandfather. "Perfect for
swimming, but too bad it's so cold."

*Thank God.*

We pulled into the parking lot of the Center Restaurant in Meredith at
the base of Meredith Bay; the same restaurant where my grandparents had
first met. We sat at the same Formica table (looking like it hadn't
changed a bit, my grandmother said) that my shy grandfather sat in as a
young man (while my future grandmother and her father sat just across
the narrow aisle, so narrow in fact, that I couldn't believe it took
them three just weeks to talk).

My grandfather and I ordered blueberry pancakes with extra (real) maple
syrup; and my grandmother ordered homemade oatmeal with walnuts and
locally grown cranberries.

"When I was 18," my grandfather began, eager to explain how he had met
my grandmother. "I was training every day for the Olympics." \[1968 in
Mexico City, which I'll explain shortly\]. "Every Sunday, mid-May
through mid-December, I drove the 2½ hours one way to the Lake rain or
shine to swim, often donning a wet suit. It was more of a relaxing
psychological reward after a long, hard week of training. Surrounded by
pine-scented hills with the White Mountains in the distance, the water
was---and still is---crystal clear, and so clean that you could---and
still can---drink from it.

"I would first breakfast here, loading up on carbohydrates---they make
the best blueberry pancakes (with the best maple syrup). One morning I
noticed this pretty young lady eating with an older gentleman. At first,
I assumed they were a couple, but it soon became obvious they were
father and daughter. Finally, after the third Sunday, I was determined
to break the ice."

"I never understood why it took you three weeks to say anything," chided
my grandmother.

"Having your father sitting next to you glaring at me, didn't exactly
help matters."

"Oh, he's harmless; you know that." My grandmother took my hand. "We
couldn't believe how your grandfather would meticulously dissect each
pancake into quarter-inch squares, then inspect them as if bestowing
grace, taking deep breaths like a tightrope walker about to traverse
Niagara Falls. And once he started eating, he was so focused he never
looked up."

"How many pancakes did grandpa eat?"

"You'll never guess," challenged my grandmother. "And each was as big as
a regular plate!"

"Two?"

My grandmother laughed.

"Three. Four? Five?"

"Six?"

My grandmother nodded.

"How could anyone eat six pancakes?"

"I could've eaten twenty," my grandfather boasted.

"And the only reason you didn't, was that it would've been dark by the
time you finished and then time for supper."

"To think that I could've been named Joanna Pancakes Turnus?"

My grandmother laughed, such a light, endearing laugh, slightly tilting
her head back, displaying a fun, elfish look.

"My plan," my grandfather winked at me, "was to accidentally bump into
your grandmother in the register line."

"That was a plan?" laughed my grandmother. "Jacques Clouseau had
better-made plans!"

"It worked, didn't it?"

"He was so nervous in line rehearsing what he wanted to say," said my
grandmother, "that he hadn't notice me talking to him, taking his arm,
laughing that I'd never met anyone who could eat so many pancakes."

"That morning we sat for more coffee while her father did a few
errands," my grandfather continued. "And after swimming, her parents
invited me for Sunday dinner, which soon became our weekly tradition."

"How many dinners did grandpa eat?"

"Just one. But the portions were huge---my mother was forewarned."

"Then I had to stop for ice cream not even half-way home."

"I'm surprised that he waited that long," my grandmother said to me,
laughing. "And this was after my mother made him a huge doggy bag."

When my grandmother had finished her breakfast---us slowpokes weren't
even half-done---she handed me a small package wrapped in purple, my
favorite color. "Joanna dear," she said with emotion, "we don't care if
you have pierced ears or not, if you wear clip-ons or no earrings at
all, or even if you let your holes close; but we thought that if I you
choose to wear earrings, you might like these."

I had difficulty opening the package, never mind seeing it. Like my
grandfather, I can get quite emotional. My grandmother gladly took over,
while my grandfather handed me a Kleenex.

"Diamond earrings?" I exclaimed, wiping my eyes.

My grandmother scooted closer, gently pulling my hair back. "No matter
what you wear or don't wear, we love you Joanna Meredith Turnus. We're
proud of who you are; always remember that." She slipped one earring in,
clasped the backing, then slipped in the other. "There!" She held out
her compact for my inspection. I was wowed by how much they prettied my
ears and were the perfect size.

The waitress refilled our coffee, complimenting my earrings and how
pretty I looked.

While us slowpokes resumed eating, my grandmother asked for the *Lake
News*, the bi-weekly paper. She always enjoyed reading Mrs. Mildred's
gossip column, 'Roundabouts,' saying it was 'wonderfully entertaining,'
although I couldn't tell if she was serious.

As my grandmother read, my grandfather hooted and howled at practically
every word, the banality of Mrs. Mildred, although it was chilling how
much she knew:

 "Mrs. Collins' younger sister Eleanor just visited from New
 Jersey---I'm sure you all remember her visit last summer---who can
 forget? This year's trip was calmer, and thankfully no one caused a
 scene---exactly why I'm not sure---although last summer's trip had
 enough scenes to last a lifetime.

 This year's trip started similarly, which worried yours truly and
 everyone else in the Lakes Region, with the two sisters breakfasting
 at the Center Restaurant, sans husbands. A good idea since they never
 would have got a word in edgewise. I'm sorry to say that I didn't get
 to see them. I arrived early (the same time as her last visit)
 thinking they would want to get a head start on such a beautiful day,
 but they had overslept (out late the night before at a neighborhood
 party, which somehow I had missed?) and almost canceled their 10.15
 pedicure/manicure (also a tradition) but Eleanor insisted that a
 weekend visit wouldn't be the same without first breakfasting at the
 Center. (How about a little flexibility: Maybe Sunday brunch to wrap
 up the weekend?) So, they called Lucille and rescheduled for 11.00. Of
 course, Lucille was super busy (when is she not? especially on a
 Saturday?) but she happily obliged, only because their husbands
 graduated together from Inter-Lakes High School, Class of 1977 (along
 with yours truly).

 Then it was on to a late lunch for the ladies, which was more of a
 social event, since neither could have been hungry after such a big
 breakfast. Lucille said that the two sisters debated for 'quite some
 time' where to lunch (as if we have a lot of choices in Meredith)
 finally deciding on the Turkey Farm (is there a better place for
 lunch, Saturday mid-afternoon?)

 Delores ordered the turkey special with all white meat, but Eleanor
 couldn't decide between white or dark. The waiter suggested ordering
 both; a nice young man, one of the Wilkenson boys, rather tall for his
 age, but unfortunately looks just like his mother (poor boy) but,
 thankfully, doesn't stir the pot like her. When finished, they
 discussed desert, although if you ask me, neither needed any. They
 finally decided on the home-made mincemeat pie. . ."

Who monitors everyone's whereabouts, what they debated having for lunch,
what they said and didn't say? I felt Mrs. Mildred's presence at the
Center Restaurant, writing about me, this strange girl from
Massachusetts who didn't fit in, who wants to be a boy, yet has a major
crush on the team quarterback, whose grandparents just gave her diamond
earrings; although I'm sure she would write that they were fake. I
smiled, tugging on my ears, knowing that despite all the stuff she was
writing about me, at least my diamond earrings were real.