## Joanna Turnus

My grandfather loved old Chris Crafts. Meticulously made, with a
powerful engine, they were (and are) the best-looking boat on the Lake.
Whenever he saw one---on the water, in a parking lot, at a boat
show---he promised to someday buy one, but of course that day never
came; something always came up, something always more pressing. When I
got accepted into law school, my grandfather offered to pay my entire
tuition, that is, until he found out how much it was, but even then, he
paid as much as he could and then a little more, which meant that he
worked even longer hours, longer than even I thought possible, only
taking time off to swim with me.

If I hadn't gone to law school my grandfather would still be alive. I
know that. He wouldn't have worked so hard and could have easily
afforded a Chris Craft. He would have relaxed more and not had a heart
attack at the age of 62. Instead, he'd be riding his beloved boat every
weekend on the Lake with me.

"Don't ever think that, Joanna!" snapped my grandmother when I had told
her, just after my grandfather died. \"Absolutely nothing made him
happier. You have no idea how proud he was paying your tuition."

Of course my grandfather insisted that I never had to pay him back. And
of course I knew I would. Since we both knew he would never accept cash,
I decided on a vintage Chris Craft. Of course. I began saving
immediately during law school, which meant that during summer and
Christmas vacations I worked even longer hours than my grandfather,
which I didn't think possible, only taking time off to swim with him,
every Sunday at the Lake (and sometimes a Tuesday or Wednesday night at
Carson Beach or Revere Beach---cold water never bothered us).

Buying a (used) Chris Craft isn't like buying a used sofa---the owner
had to be just right, my grandfather always said. Not to be snotty, but
the owner had to worship the boat almost as much as life itself and have
the right reason for selling.

During my second year of law school, late October, I took a rare,
spur-of-the-moment weekend off and drove to Meredith, just to get away.
That was my favorite time on the Lake: past peak foliage and peak
tourist season; the weather calm and uneventful, autumn's last thrust.
And no snow, yet. If *Late October* on the Lake had a personality it
would be resigned, polite, still, introspective, listening, yet secretly
triumphant knowing that despite the soon-to-be changing of the air
masses and the upcoming winter harshness, the land would bloom again and
life would return, as it has for millennia.

I invited my grandfather along. Even though I knew he probably couldn't
come last minute, I still asked, secretly hoping so. Of course, he was
disappointed to say no, and of course, if anyone understood, it was me.
(He respected my need for solitude, and we would have enjoyed each
other's company without even saying a word.)

I rented a cabin on Meredith Bay, with no plans other than studying and
swimming (the water temperature was an unexpected 63 degrees: more like
early October, significantly above my cold-water threshold of 57), with
forecasted daytime highs of 70 degrees and no rain; although, I had
secretly wished for rain: nothing more relaxing than Lake-side rainy
walks and swimming in the rain, although I'm really fine with any
weather.

I left for the Lake after my late-morning class, pulling into the Center
Restaurant just in time for an early dinner. It was busy, as usual, and
I had to park in the overflow lot, coincidentally, next to a 1926 Chris
Craft on a trailer with Maine plates. It was the most beautiful boat I
had ever seen. Unfortunately, it was not for sale (at least from what I
could tell). Nevertheless, I was determined to meet and talk to the
owner. Inside, I immediately clinked a glass calling for the owners,
surprised at my boldness. An elderly couple, about my grandparent's age
(the man's moustache was quite similar to my grandfather's) tepidly
acknowledged; I'm sure wondering why a young woman with a strong Boston
accent was inquiring.

I explained who I was, why I was there, and my interest in the boat,
putting them at ease, despite my tattoos and piercings---or maybe
because of them? They invited me to join them for dinner. Of course they
knew my grandfather (I've yet to meet anyone associated with the
Lake---even casually---who did not) and were saddened of his passing,
assuming that active swimming would keep him fit until old age. Although
they had never met, they had seen him so many times in the water, my
grandmother rowing alongside (they lived on Bear Island, so their paths
often crossed, and I know my grandfather knew their boat) that my
grandparents had become regular features in their lives, always waving
to each other like long-lost friends.

They told me that their boat had been in their family for three
generations, and with lots of grandchildren it wasn't for sale at any
price. Of course, I understood---if I owned such a boat, I would never
even think about selling it.

We talked about boating, the islands, and the Lake. Then we ordered
dinner. Driving up from New York, I had been craving the Center's *Lake
Trout Sandwich*---the best around (although they willingly confess that
the fish isn't caught from the Lake, but from northern New Hampshire,
but still never frozen and directly shipped early every morning). It is
delicious. And the accouterments are either locally grown (lettuce,
tomatoes, red onions) or made on site (pickles, Italian bread, and the
lemon/garlic aliho sauce---although just a tad is needed since the trout
is that good---and of course their spicy curly fries). But that night
they also were offering their famous Lobster Roll. The best in New
England, and a rare treat during the off season. Made perfect with only
two deviations: a homemade brioche bun rather than the traditional hot
dog bun---it's visually appealing, and homemade aliho sauce rather than
mayonnaise; although of course, there's nothing wrong with deviations.
And needless to say, their lobster is delicious, direct from Portland.

Since I had a hard time deciding, the couple suggested ordering both,
keeping one for Saturday night so I wouldn't have to cook or go out
again and could spend the whole day on the water.

I ordered both.

We talked about their long weekend boat trips exploring every corner of
the Lake and just about every island; the beauty of the Lake in winter;
and how my grandparents had first met. After a delicious dessert of
warmed (freshly made) apple pie with vanilla bean ice cream (also
freshly made), I invited them to stay the night with me, but they took a
rain check, anxious to return for their granddaughter's 16^th^ birthday
the next day.

About a month later they called, excited to tell me of a similar boat
for sale (same size, but more horsepower and slightly more expensive),
saying that it would sell quickly and that several people were already
interested; however, I had first dibs, but only twenty-four hours to
decide. The owners sent pictures: it was exactly what I wanted. I
depleted my savings (not much), sold my Lexus (brand new) and took out a
loan for the remainder (a lot) and the boat was mine. (My banker not
only knew my grandfather---who didn't in Massachusetts?---but as a
child, when his family home was about to be foreclosed, my grandfather
bought it and sold it back to them for one dollar, never asking anything
in return, even fixing their roof for free. The banker never forgot that
gratuitous act of kindness and was glad to give me a really good
interest rate--- zero---and forego a co-signor---mostly likely my
father, although I did have other options.)

I re-upholstered the boat, re-varnished the mahogany, and despite
contrary advice, replaced the inboard motor with twin inboard-outboard
engines (I wanted more stern room for a deck, and I love
inboard/outboards even better than inboards, as did my grandfather). But
I never had the chance to present the boat to my grandfather---he
unexpectedly died of a heart attack one month later, I'm sure from
working long hours, seven days a week, never taking time off except to
swim with me.

Nevertheless, this was *his* boat which someday I will give to my
children (keeping my grandfather's spirit alive) and then someday they
will give it to their children. A boat to be cherished in our family for
generations, never to be sold.

My grandmother cried when I told her that I had christened the boat,
*Molasses I II III.*