## Joanna Turnus

It was an unusually warm day during an unusually warm spring. Trees had
budded early, the grass was green, and everyone was mowing their lawns.
It was Thursday, March 30, 1997---my grandfather's birthday---that's how
I remember. I was in the sixth grade.

At school I had made my grandfather a nice birthday card out of yellow
construction paper, and with a red marker had sprawled in my neatest
script,

> HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST GRANDFATHER IN THE WHOLE WORLD!!

I had crossed out 'WORLD' and replaced it with 'UNIVERSE.' But instead
of gluing a photograph, I drew a picture of us; I knew that he'd
appreciate that more.

My parents said that I was his clone, never nicely of course, but I
didn't realize how true it was until I began drawing. We both have small
ears, which I never minded (as if I had a choice). We both have large
foreheads, which looked good on my grandfather, especially with his
receding hairline, but not on me, although he always said so just to
assuage me. We both have wide, brown eyes. Mine are soft---that's what
everyone says---but soft is just a nicer word for too big. My
grandfather's eyes were definitely not soft, and if they were any
bigger, you'd swear he was a frog.

Thank God I didn't have his beak nose. A large forehead is bad enough,
but I couldn't imagine having a beak nose *and* a large forehead---I'd
never go out in public. My nose is small, too small (if there's such a
thing) but at least it matches my small ears (as if that matters). But I
worry that my kids will have super big noses (things like that usually
skip a generation), although my father has my grandfather's nose.

My grandfather always wore a full moustache to distract attention from
his nose (at least that's what he said) but it didn't work: You saw the
moustache you saw the nose.

I drew my mouth a little smaller. Everyone says I have my mother's
wide-open mouth. My grandfather said it was from her constant laughing,
at least before her two miscarriages. He also said that my mother was
the prettiest girl in the senior class at Walpole High, when she met my
father, who was, by the way, no slouch himself.

I didn't have the heart to draw all those deep lines across my
grandfather's temple making him look older. However, I did draw him a
little taller and me a little shorter, so that we were almost the same
height. He always boasted being average height, although he was actually
shorter than average; and I was taller than average---I still am---in
fact, I was the tallest girl in sixth grade.

When school ended my grandfather was waiting for me. I was wearing
olive-green shorts with an over-sized white shirt. (Just before school
ended that afternoon, I had changed from long pants to shorts.) I wore
shorts a lot, even in winter. I liked feeling the hair on my legs and
how it made my legs look stronger, as if I had muscles.

He opened the passenger door of his new Silverado truck and extended his
helping hand---a big step even for me. He smiled and I smiled back.

"Bubbling Brook just opened for the season," my grandfather said. "How
does that sound?"

I nodded enthusiastically---he didn't even have to ask.

For a split second my grandfather had that perplexed stare, that
contorted look of unsure superiority that something was wrong, that
something was amiss; a conscripted stare that I would become so inured
to from so many people that even now when I'm introduced to someone I
look to the ground, the sky, anywhere but their eyes.

I carefully removed my grandfather's birthday card from my backpack.
Noticing an edge was bent just a little, I smoothed it before handing it
to him. "I made you something," I said, with a hint of apprehension.

He smiled. "It's absolutely beautiful." He blew his nose with a Kleenex.

I never knew anyone so emotional. Too bad none of that rubbed off on my
father.

Bubbling Brook had already opened its seasonal shed behind the main
restaurant; a pleasant area with lots of picnic tables and shady pine
trees. We decided to eat there on such a warm, sunny afternoon.

The line to the shed was long, but it moved quickly; lots of mothers
with their kids, talking and laughing. Two boys stood behind us with
their mother. One, short with red hair, the other, my height with black
hair. They didn't look related---the mother had blond hair---but she
talked as if she was their mother. The tall boy was really cute, a
little older than me, like in junior high school. I kept glancing at the
back of the line pretending to look for someone just to sneak a peak.

A brook meandered between the tables, and sometimes if quiet
enough---although it never was---you could hear it swooshing over deep
sinkholes, like someone gargling mouthwash. I never heard it, but my
grandfather swore he had, once when he took me here in my stroller.

On the other side of the brook, beyond the tables, were blueberry
bushes. During the summer, Bubbling Brook makes the best blueberry ice
cream, but you really have to like blueberries because it's like eating
a blueberry pie. They also grow their own strawberries, raspberries,
peaches, watermelons, and apples, making them into ice cream, but
blueberry is their best. My grandfather agreed.

The ground was wet and mucky, suggesting that the brook had recently
overflowed. The wonderful smell of grilled hamburgers made me hungry. My
grandfather read my mind, as always. I nodded enthusiastically when he
asked if I wanted a hamburger (if I had said no, he would've ordered one
anyway).

When it was our turn to order my grandfather stepped to the window. "Do
you have any blueberry ice cream?"

I heard the boys laughing.

"No," replied the waitress. "We sold the last of the summer lot just
yesterday with the warm weather, but we still have peach ice cream?"

"No. Give me two vanilla cones and two hamburgers: one with everything
and one with just extra ketchup." My grandfather winked at me.

The boys continued laughing.

Curious, I was about to turn to see why, when I realized that they were
laughing about me.

"That's disgusting," said one, loud enough for me to hear. "I'd never go
out with someone like that."

I'm sure my grandfather heard, although out of the corner of my eye, he
was still talking to the waitress.

"I bet she doesn't shave her armpits," said the other.

"Why would someone that pretty not shave her legs?" asked the mother.
"Why would her mother allow it?

"Disgusting," the boys said.  

 I knew my grandfather heard, although he pretended not. His smile
 disappeared, that's

how I knew. I wished the brook was deeper and carried to the ocean. I
imagined swimming backwards, my ears submerged, listening to the water,
arms slicing, legs kicking, immersed in my hidden world.

My grandfather asked for extra napkins. He said something to the mother.
I snuck behind him, hidden from view. He wrapped his arm around me,
guiding me away. He was talking. I wasn't listening.

The engine was running. We were sitting in his truck. My grandfather had
finished his ice cream and his hamburger. I must have finished mine
because my hands were gooey, although I didn't remember eating.  

"Sometimes boys say things they don't really mean," my grandfather said,
handing me a napkin. "Sometimes they say things without thinking,
especially when together. Sometimes they say things that they'd never
say alone, just to please their friends. It's natural for boys to. . ."

I saw my mother peeking from behind our living room curtain, smiling,
watching me play touch football with the neighborhood boys. I was the
only girl ever asked to play, although everyone considered me a boy
because I dressed like one and was better at every sport. My mother
smiled when I scored a touchdown, smiled when I ran faster than anyone
else, smiled when I made a nice block; so I ran faster, blocked harder,
and scored more touchdowns. More touchdowns than anyone.  