## Alexander Morgan

The parking lot gate was locked---remind me to give Phil a medal for
finally doing something right. But my truck was gone. Along with the
dumpster. What the fuck? Was my mind playing tricks on me? Did I hitch a
ride with Walter to work? But I distinctly remember parking my truck
next to the dumpster *this morning,* and *this afternoon* getting a
T-shirt---a Pat's T-shirt---the same one I'm wearing now.

I called Walter. If anyone knew anything about anything, it was him,
although, to be honest, if he wasn't with me the whole time, he would
have been my prime suspect.

Doris answered, surprised that I was calling at 8.45 PM knowing full
well that Walter had long been asleep. I told her it was an emergency

"Maybe some kids hot-wired it; it ain't that difficult," Walter said,
finally answering. "Same thing once happened to me."

"No shit. But why would they also take the dumpster? And the gate was
locked, so whoever took it also took the dumpster *and* had a key."

"You're assumin' that this all happened after the gate was locked, but
it could've been taken anytime durin' the day."

"Someone would've noticed."

"Maybe the dumpster guy emptied it and took your truck, pissed that
you'd parked so close, like I'm always tellin' you.\"

"Then he would've gone straight to Phil. Like when Paul parked the
bulldozer right in front of the dumpster. And besides, it was just
emptied on Friday and he *never* empties a half-full dumpster."

"Maybe Phil noticed your truck when he locked the gate?"

"He couldn't notice his ass from his elbow."

I called the dumpster guy and of course he knew nothing about it. He was
just as pissed as I was, and immediately called the police.

I called Phil. He answered on the first ring, that prick.

"Was *my* truck there when you locked the gate?"

"It was."

"And the dumpster?"

"Yes."

"My truck *and* the dumpster were both there?"

"I just said that."

"You noticed both?"

"Yes. Did you call the dumpster guy?"

"He didn't take it."

"Maybe he moved it?"

"He didn't."

"Maybe the graders moved it?"

"They wouldn't have taken it home with them."

"Call the police and report it stolen."

*Son-of-a-bitch*.

I called Paul. The phone rang six times. No answer. I called again. I
knew that bastard was home, sitting on his Lazy-Boy, watching TV; that's
all he ever does. I called again. Finally, on the fifth ring he
answered. Of course he knew nothing, although he did mention that he saw
my truck and the dumpster when he left that afternoon, wondering where
the hell I was.

I called the police and reported a stolen truck.

Paul only lived fifteen minutes away but even if he were the last person
on earth, I wouldn't have stayed with him. And if I stopped at the Comet
or even called Lisa, who knows what would have happened? I thought about
taking the T home, but the Orange Line was down, and in the morning the
Orange and Red Lines would both be down, meaning that I'd have to take a
bus to the Green Line to Government Center, then the Blue Line to Park
Street, and then re-connect with the Red Line. Fuck it, it was almost
10.30 and I was tired, so I decided to sleep in the trailer and worry
about my friggin' truck in the morning.

The trailer was stuffy and warm, smelling of everything ever used at a
construction site: turpentine, diesel, gasoline, asphalt, paint, grease,
wooden shingles, cement, weed-killer, fertilizer. I plopped the trailer
door open with a couple of bricks, arranged several turpentine-tinged
drop cloths into a makeshift bed, and with canvases for pillows, fell
fast asleep. It was surprisingly comfortable---almost as comfortable as
my own bed.

During morning coffee, Gary was going on and on about some bastard who
had tried to rob a bank under construction on the other side of Harvard
Square, as if that was the only news item of the day, as if everyone was
interested. "He assumed it would've been a cinch breaking into the vault
from the roof," Gary continued. "He's walking along, then steps on
nothing but tar paper. Lucky for him, he landed on staging just below,
only breaking a leg and some ribs. Now he's suing the contractor."

"Are you kidding me?" asked Abe. "What did he want? A sign? Please
pardon the inconvenience; we are renovating to make your robbing
experience more pleasurable."

"That's like getting someone pregnant," Paul said. "Then suing the
condom maker because it had a hole."

"Speakin' from experience?" asked Walter.

"If there's a hole," I said. "Return the sucker."

"Who inspects a condom before using it?" asked Gary.

"You have to have sex in order to use one," Walter said, laughing.

"Sex without protection?" I said to Gary. "You might as well take a gun
and shoot yourself."

"If you were marooned on a desert island," Gary asked, "with a beautiful
woman and no condoms, what would you do?"

"First of all, I don't live on no deserted island," I replied, standing
up, stretching my arms. "And second, if I was planning on getting
marooned---especially with a beautiful woman---I'd make sure to bring
along a year's supply of condoms."

"Why just a year?" asked Abe

"Where you goin' kid?" Walter asked. "Coffee break's just gettin'
started."

I crouched next to Walter. "Can you meet me at the Scarlet Pumpernickel
for lunch? I need to talk about some shit."

Walter reached in his front pocket, "How much do you need kid?"

"I'm good. I just need to talk."

"You know I bring my lunch every day. Why don't you meet me in my truck
and save some money for once?"

Just then a white limo pulled into the parking lot, parking at the
bank's rear entrance.

"Must be nice," said Abe. "Chauffeured to the bank to count your
millions."

Zachary stepped out, impeccably dressed in a brown suit. He was
immediately greeted by the bank president, tie-less and short-sleeved.
I'm sure I wasn't the only one who noticed---I mean how could you not
notice unless you were friggin' blind---but it ain't that often that you
see such hairy, thickly matted arms, as if he was wearing a shaggy rug.
I always thought that my arms were hairy, but at least you can see skin.
I couldn't imagine a woman, or anyone for that matter, finding that
attractive. But what's the alternative? Shave your arms? That's almost
as bad as a guy shaving his legs.

The two shook hands, chatting and laughing, as if old friends. Then the
bank president returned inside. Zachary briskly approached us, removing
his jacket and slinging it over his shoulder; his gold cuff links
glistening in the morning sunlight.

"Looks like we're finally getting them raises," said Abe.

Zachary shook hands with Walter. "Nice to see you again." He removed his
sunglasses, surveying the circle. "I have an announcement."

*No shit*.

"While my father was alive, we had our disagreements."

"The understatement of the year," muttered Walter.

Zachary wiped his brow with a monogrammed handkerchief. "Maybe
*disagreement* is too strong? Let's say we had our differences. My
father---bless his soul---was a product of his time. For one month out
of respect, I did nothing different."

"Didn't even wait a day," whispered Walter.

"Then I renamed us General Construction, determined to become the
largest construction company in Massachusetts. We succeeded in one year
and now we're the largest in New England."

"Size means nothin'," said Walter.

"Depends how you want to spend your Saturday night," I said.

Everyone laughed, except Paul, of course.

"My father was content with a small company," Zachary continued,
loosening his tie. "Back then things were different: business was local,
and everyone made a good living. But times change and you have to change
with them; a lesson my father never learned. In today's global economy,
if you're small and unattached, you don't survive. We're thinking big
and building global, and to help meet our goals, we will soon be
acquired by CCB, a London-based private equity company."

"How can a goddamned construction company be acquired?" Nick asked.

"They'll own us for a month," I whispered to Nick. "Strip our assets,
lay everyone off, then shut us down."

I felt the glare of Zachary's cement-cold eyes. "CCB's given us a green
light to expand. We'll operate as a fully independent subsidiary. You
won't notice much of a difference: we'll keep our name and logo, our
vehicles and equipment will remain green, but our official letterhead
will change, and your paychecks will look different."

"As long as they ain't smaller," said Abe.

"Of course not," Zachary said, joining the laughter. "And CCB's offering
their own health care, much better than ours. They want *us* to be
profitable." He started toward his limo, then turned back, shooting me
an icy glare. "And CCB wants nothing done differently. Nothing."

"I can't imagine Joanna on board with this," I said to Walter, as we
watched Zachary's limo pull away.

"One way to find out kid, we'll set up a meetin'."

"You and your friggin' meetings."