## Joanna Turnus

I greyed my Fu Manchu (for a more sophisticated look), slipped on a
white, long-sleeve dress shirt (deliberately one size too big) with a
white binder underneath (as uncomfortable as any bra), khaki shorts with
brown sandals, and a Red Sox cap. I removed my nail polish but kept in
all my earrings.

Perfect!

Perfect, that is, if I was going to Fenway Park or Faneuil Hall or a
walk around the city, but I was driving unannounced to surprise-visit
Alexander. Paradoxical? No. Self-sabotaging? No, not really. You see,
when I'm nervous and unsure of myself (which happens a lot), I dress
like a guy, especially now that I'm a lot more passable (except for my
high-pitched voice, which I'm working on). But, at the same time, this
is not something ephemerally self-gratifying, like dressing up for
Halloween, then quickly reverting to my normal self (as if I had only
one and knew what it was). I'm male, female, non-binary, transgender,
happy and depressed all at the same time. When I feel more female than
male, I'll dress like one, and when I feel more male than female I'll
dress like one. I like the fluidity. Paradoxical? No not really; only if
you don't understand it. This is me. This is who I am, although it took
a long time to understand and an even longer time to accept. But, like
grandfather said, it has given me an edge, an empathy. And I wouldn't
trade my life for anyone's right now although I wouldn't wish it on
anyone either.

As I made coffee that morning, I debated canceling my trip, something
that even a normal (God, I hate that word) woman would contemplate. You
see, with the forecasted hot weather, I decided to spend this weekend at
the Lake (I re-scheduled my appointments and rented a nice townhouse in
Laconia, away from the water, so I could work at night and early
morning, and boat all day---a half-compromise, the best of both worlds).
Then I find out that this guy that I had just met, that I really liked,
that I had deeply connected with, was also going to the same Lake the
same weekend. Of course, I didn't want him to think I was weird, chasing
after every guy I meet. (I don't.)

I did almost cancel but decided last minute to go. After all, the Lake
is big enough so that we wouldn't bump into each other (although I knew
where he was) and it's one of New England's most popular vacation
destinations in any season, so he wouldn't think it odd even if we did
see each other. And besides, I knew that if I had stayed home, I
wouldn't have got any work done on such a warm, August-like day, even
closing the shades and turning the air conditioner to 60 degrees.

On the way to the Lake, I kept thinking about my strange dream, strange
because I was a 'normal' woman (at least at the beginning), although an
exaggerated normal, more like a Laura Petrie than a Joanna Turnus:
wearing a pencil skirt, my hair perfectly poofed, my make-up flawless.
My husband and I were walking in the forest, my head softly on his
shoulders. Although I couldn't see his face, I knew it was Alexander:
tall, strong, tanned arms, but his head was shaved, and his voice was
high-pitched like a girl's. We came upon a clearing and saw two snakes
with human faces copulating. I snapped a large stick in two, giving one
to Alexander. We simultaneously touched each snake. Immediately I was
transformed into a male with a penis and a full beard, and my husband
into a woman with breasts and a vagina. I was ecstatic, but Alexander,
seeing what just happened, angrily slashed at the snakes, as if there
was anything he could have done. I pulled him close, kissing him, which
apparently calmed him---I guess his female hormones kicked in seeing me
naked. We made love in the soft, green grass. Then we dove into a nearby
pond. I held his hand diving deep, reaching for the bottom, but there
was just endless water. When we surfaced, we had become one, intertwined
and interconnected, as if always so; neither male nor female but both.
There was no alarm, no wondering, no attempt to dive deep and reverse
what had just happened. Just sheer happiness.

Driving to the Lake, sipping coffee, I wondered how I would react if I
was 'normal' and my husband suddenly metamorphized into a woman. Accept
and embrace him as if nothing had changed, as if nothing was different?
Or, like Rachels' wife, excoriate him as a moral and ethical failure?
But isn't that like loving a book only for its cover, then jettisoning
it after the cover had been made more aesthetically appealing, without
ever reading its contents? Sure, everyone is attracted to physical
accoutrements (and I'm certainly no different) but you also love someone
for what's inside---his soul, his inner being---which is more constant
and substantive, and can never be superficially changed.

Just north of Concord, I-93 stretches interminably with only an
occasional car sharing the road. I laughed, suddenly remembering Terry
and I almost at this very spot, senior year in high school, on our way
to the Kangamangus Highway to view the foliage, early on a Sunday
morning. He was driving and I, playfully bored, was well into oral sex,
when he matter-of-factly warned of a van of nuns fast approaching: The
Sisterhood of Our Sorrowful Mother.

I laughed, assuming it was another of his jokes (that's what I loved
about him: always making me laugh) and mechanically waved hello. Then,
Terry squelched my hand, scrambling me toward the window. Inching up,
slowly, I saw a long, white van with *The Sisterhood of Our Sorrowful
Mother* painted in large, blue letters, just passing.

"You *were* serious. I thought you were joking. Why didn't you say so?"

"You should've seen their faces! Did you know that being seen by nuns in
the act is a ticket straight to hell?"

"For both of us?"

"Yes."

"Who said that?"

"A bunch of nuns."

*But perhaps not?* I silently smiled. *Wouldn't God be pleased that my
actions finally comported with my birth sex?*

It was 7.30 when I arrived in Meredith. A splendid, August-like morning.
I drove along the Bay looking for Alexander, then north of the
lighthouse around the Cove; surprised that not many people were out and
about on such a beautiful morning, although it was still early.

I returned empty-handed to the Center Restaurant, the same restaurant
where my grandparents had first met. I ordered a pot of coffee and
blueberry pancakes with real maple syrup and began reading a book that I
had long been anxious to read: about this woman living in Berlin during
the last weeks of the Second World War (her husband had never returned
from the Eastern Front), who was repeatedly raped by advancing Russian
troops as Berlin fell. As the world rejoiced, her nightmare began.

When I finished eating (a little speedier than usual, since I was
anxious to see Alexander, which in turn, gave me a slight indigestion) I
picked up a stray copy of the *Weekly News*---I'm sure Mrs. Mildred
insisted that extras are always around. Sure enough she was still
writing the same column with the same drivel. I ordered another cup of
coffee and began writing my own column; a column about this disturbed
and disturbing 'guy' from Massachusetts:
 
> This Saturday morning---yes, I know many of you were at the flapjack
> feed--- a young man from Massachusetts---a most unusual 'man' and I
> use that word lightly, pulled into the Center parking lot in a black
> Lexus with Massachusetts plates. Nothing against our friends south of
> the border---a warm New Hampshire hello to our good friend Nancy
> Deshlow! Will you be spending Thanksgiving with us? But a black Lexus
> in the Center Restaurant parking lot---that's a first!
> 
> Now, back to this young man, or perhaps young woman? To be honest, at
> times I couldn't tell, despite his facial hair, or maybe because of
> it? (I couldn't get close to see if it was real, but I will his next
> visit---mark my words.) The young man (for now let's call him that)
> insisted on waiting for a particular booth---why I have no idea, since
> they're all the same with the same view---then began reading a book.
> Who reads a book here? A newspaper, yes, so you can keep up with yours
> truly, but a book? How rude! I couldn't see the full title since he
> kept it flat, seldom raising it, although the words 'Woman' and
> 'Berlin' left little to the imagination. Keep that racy stuff in the
> bedroom and not at a family restaurant.
> 
> He took his time before ordering, hardly saying anything, completely
> ignoring his waitress---Mary, Mrs. Stanley's niece, such a lovely
> girl. She seemed interested in this young man; why, I don't know,
> certainly not my cup of tea. Too many earrings---yes, but I guess that
> so many young men wear them these days that I'm sure Mary didn't even
> notice---not like in my day when just one raised a lot of questions.
> Nowadays, one is OK, like my cousin Russell, and to be honest he
> doesn't look that bad, although maybe I'm just used to it? But this
> young man had five piercings in his right ear, and six---yes, six in
> his left. I don't even like that many earrings on a girl. What was he
> trying to prove? I have just one in each ear, although my sister
> Margaret has two and keeps pestering me to get another, which I
> suppose I will someday, just to keep her happy.
> 
> The young man eventually ordered blueberry pancakes---if he had waited
> any longer, it would've been lunchtime. Mary suggested that he also
> order the homemade bacon or sausage---everyone does---that's what the
> Center's known for--- but he abruptly refused, and rather rudely I
> thought. She tried so hard to start a conversation, obviously liking
> him---sometimes I just don't understand this younger generation. He
> asked for real maple syrup---really? Everyone knows that the Center
> restaurant only serves the real stuff.
> 
> He didn't talk to anyone, just kept to himself. How rude! But when he
> did, sometimes it was high-pitched, like he was deliberately trying to
> talk like a girl. Maybe something to do with all those earrings?
> 
> I've never seen such effeminate hands on a man: slender like a female
> pianist's---not exactly a compliment. He was obviously rich, driving a
> Lexus---I'm sure he probably never had to work a day in his life. And
> from what I could tell, no calluses either---a safe bet that he's
> never chopped a cord of wood.
> 
> The young man used his right hand for everything, while hiding his
> left on his lap. I assumed his hands were manicured but sorry to
> disappoint, they were not, which is good because you don't see that
> around here, although sometimes in Manchester I'll see a young man
> with grey polish, or an older gentleman with clear.
> 
> He had lots of tattoos---way too many---and that's just what I could
> see. His sleeves were rolled up just above the wrist---yes, it was
> warm outside but inside it was chilly as always. On each wrist was a
> scar about four inches long. At first, I thought it was part of the
> design, but the more I looked, the more I realized what it was and why
> it was there.
> 
> He finished his breakfast (it took him forever) without talking, then
> asked for coffee to go. (How can anyone drink that much coffee and not
> use the bathroom?) He wanted to pay with an American Express Gold
> Card. Really? Everyone knows that the Center doesn't accept credit
> cards. Then he gave the waitress a fifty-dollar bill insisting that
> she keep the change! Mary immediately smiled, tried to talk with him,
> but he hurried away, a tad off-balance, exaggerating a low step in his
> walk as if compensating for one leg being shorter or something. But at
> least he held the door open for two young ladies, who looked related,
> like they were sisters, even chatting briefly.

I signed the letter Mrs. Mildred.

At my boathouse (in Paugus Bay near Weirs Beach) I removed my Fu-Manchu,
changed out of my male clothes into a red bikini and put on a pretty red
nail polish. I high-ponied my hair and dashed on mascara (waterproof, of
course) and lip gloss. I slipped on a white windbreaker, suddenly
realizing that while searching for Alexander, earlier that morning, just
before breakfast, I was wearing a Fu-Manchu. Imagine the awkwardness had
I run into him?

It was a splendid morning. The air was warm and the water smooth as
glass, the sky cloudless. I sped past Governors Island with its large
houses and well-manicured lawns stretching to the water's edge, each
with a boat house larger than most homes, thinking about the woman in
the book that I was reading at the Center. Beautiful and passionate---at
least that's how I imagined her at the beginning. I wanted to meet this
woman and talk to her. Was she able to love again? Did she lead a normal
life after being so brutalized? (How could she?) How did she begin every
day? Did she remarry? Was day or night more agonizing? Did she work?
Have children? Was she able to listen again to the rain? Could she
remember her past, long ago? How did she survive?

I sped past Timber Island, Welch Island, circled the Broads, then headed
toward the Lighthouse. I floored it at 40 mph; the smooth water making
it seem even faster. To the north, snow-clad and majestic Mount
Washington was clearly visible. (My grandfather used to say that snow on
the Mount by Columbus Day meant a long winter. But there was no truth to
that old wives' tale; indeed, the opposite was often true.)

I spotted Alexander in a rowboat just off Spindle Point (who wouldn't!)
casting his line, reeling it in, casting again, not giving the fish a
chance to bite; flexing his strong arms as if prepping for a
body-building contest, as if the whole world was watching.

But who was that with him? Didn't Alexander say that he was fishing with
his brother? But this person was older, looking nothing like Alexander:
short, pudgy, bushy black hair, an unkempt beard; dressed as if it was
50 degrees, in jeans and a red/black plaid shirt. Perhaps Alexander
misspoke and that was his father?

I reversed the engine in plenty of time to avoid the lighthouse shoals,
then shut it off. I waved to Alexander like I was a normal woman in a
normal relationship, happy to see my boyfriend. I dropped the back
anchor and lowered the ladder between the engines, inviting Alexander
and 'his brother' for a boat ride. His brother refused, and rather
rudely I thought.

Helping Alexander into the boat, I had to steady myself, grasping his
strong, masculine hands. My legs turning to jelly, imagining us walking
in the rain, on the beach, my head softly on his shoulder.

"We thought you were the Marine Patrol," Alexander said, laughing.

"Really, Alexander? In a red bikini?"

"My brother insisted---"

"*That's* your brother?"

"We always said that he was adopted."

I took the driver's seat and flipped the engine blower on. "Alexander, I
had every intention of boating today, long before I met you. In fact,
when you said that you'd be on the Lake, I almost canceled...I didn't
want to give the wrong impression."

Alexander smiled. "The wrong impression?"

"That I chase after every guy I meet."

Alexander started to speak, then paused, as if searching for unconnected
words, or perhaps a long-lost thought?

"Alexander, you wanted to say something?"

"Oh. Nothing."

I lifted the anchor, then started the engines, rifling like clapped
thunder.

"Christ almighty!"

"Sorry, Alexander, I should've warned you. They're twin
inboard/outboards, 550 horsepower each." I backed up slowly, adjusting
the rearview mirror, glancing at the depth-meter. In twenty feet of
water, I reversed the boat and slowly chugged south, toward Weirs Beach.

Alexander nestled against me. "Where should I stand? Or should I sit?"

I smiled. "This is just fine!" I explained the significance of my boat's
name after Alexander had asked, then opened the throttle. The bow
steeply rose as the RPMs increased: 10,15, 20, 22, 30, finally settling
at 35. The wind rushed past me billowing my windbreaker. Then we turned
west and raced along Meredith Bay.

Approaching town, I slowed the boat almost to a complete stop, pointing
out the Center Restaurant, explaining how my grandparents met and the
significance of my middle name.

"Do you think we can park this thing and get something to eat?"
Alexander asked impatiently. "I'm starving."

I assumed that he had eaten already, but apparently not. I told him that
I had packed a picnic lunch, which could easily become a picnic brunch,
and had the perfect spot in mind. From the glove compartment I pulled
out a map showing Alexander the broad expanse of the Lake, Meredith Bay,
Weirs Beach, the Lighthouse, the many islands, and where my grandfather
and I used to swim. Heading east toward the Broads, I offered Alexander
the wheel. "Just like driving a bulldozer, except a little faster."

Alexander laughed trading places. "You can drive a bulldozer?"

"You should see me with a backhoe."

Alexander looked at me incredulously.

"And, I have a Class One license."

"Now, that I don't believe."

I reached for the glove compartment, fumbled through my purse and
proudly displayed my Class One Massachusetts Driving License. "My
grandfather said that someday I might have to drive a trailer."

"Good advice for a granddaughter." Alexander opened the throttle, racing
past the Lighthouse, Stonedam Island, Pitchwood Island, Governors
Island. Passing Bear Island, I pointed out Mount Washington, then retook
the wheel, slowing down as we circled the Broads, explaining to
Alexander the significance of the Lake's different markers and flashing
buoys.

We stopped in the middle of the Broads, far from land. Even though it
was dead calm I dropped anchor: the winds on the Lake can change
abruptly, often without warning. Alexander helped me set a tablecloth
over the back engines, accidentally tripping over life preservers neatly
tucked against the back-engine hood. Mid-morning and it already was hot.
Alexander helped me raised the back canopy.

I pulled Alexander close. He wrapped his arms around me. We kissed. I'm
not sure how or I why stopped (although his stomach growling was getting
louder, and I knew he was hungry) but it was so delicious that we both
knew that we'd soon pick up right where we left off. Right after lunch.
Right here in the middle of the open Lake.

From my cooler I took out an old-fashioned picnic basket, its interwoven
slats still intact after so much use. It was my grandmother's. When my
grandfather died, she gave it to me laced with so many fun memories. She
would always pack a picnic lunch for us swimmers: cold meatloaf
sandwiches with homemade German potato salad was my grandfather's
favorite; sometimes meatball sandwiches, which was mine (always good
cold); and sometimes cold roast beef sandwiches.

Opening my picnic basket unleashed a wonderful aroma of southern fried
chicken, coleslaw, collards, baked beans, and biscuits.

"KFC?" asked Alexander approvingly.

"JMT." I dished him a plate. "I made everything---even the honey for the
biscuits."

He started eating right away, tepidly apologizing for not waiting for me
to sit down, although I probably would've done the same if my stomach
had been growling so loud.

"Absolutely delicious," he said, as I dished my plate. "The best fried
chicken I've ever had. Hands down."

I grabbed two bottled beers from my cooler, offering Alexander one,
taking one for myself.

"Narragansett?" asked Alexander, examining the label.

"My grandfather's favorite. And sometimes my grandmother would even have
one, but only if the day was hot."

"Like today?"

I smiled. "Yes. And perhaps today, even two!"

A delicious smell of lake water laced with spent gasoline and fried
chicken intoxicated me. The engine vents gurgled. Seagulls cried
overhead.

I confessed that the fried chicken recipe wasn't mine, that it was a
good friend's from Georgia. I was tempted (almost) to tell Alexander
that he (Eliot) was a female-male TG whom I had met by chance (so
typical of everything in my life), who taught me so much; without
mentioning anything about me, to test the waters so to speak, knowing
that eventually I would have to confess. But not today---I wasn't ready,
so I assumed the 'normal' woman persona meeting a normal guy whom she
really liked: "Someday you'll meet him," I said blandly, "he's such a
dear friend."

"Dear?"

"Alexander, you're jealous," I said, laughing. "We're cooking friends,
nothing more." I sipped my beer, explaining how we met. "Two years ago,
I was in Atlanta for a conference. Bored, I rented a car and drove alone
to Savannah; a city that I'd always wanted to visit. I was relaxed,
listening to music." \[I didn't mention that I was dressed as a guy.\]
"About an hour later, I noticed the sky quickly darkening into an eerie
green. Sirens went off. The radio warned of a tornado on Highway 341
heading southeast, exactly where I was and where I was going. Alone on
the road (I guess everyone else had heeded the warning) in the rearview
mirror I could see dust, dirt, and debris from the fast-gaining tornado.
I pulled to the side of the road, jumped out and laid flat in a culvert,
covering my head just as the tornado roared past. It was the most
frightening thing. I was OK, other than some minor scratches but my
rental was gone. The next day a farmer found it---almost intact---in his
peanut field about a hundred yards away. A state trooper gave me a lift
to the nearest town, telling me that just as the tornado passed, it
abruptly lifted into the sky, sparing the town from catastrophic
damage."

"God must've been watching over you that day."

I started to laugh, but was arrested by Alexander's endearing innocence,
a child-like naivete that most women would find charming. I took a long
drink of Narragansett. "In town, I came upon this restaurant boasting
the world's best fried chicken, but even if boasting the worst, I
would've stopped in, I was so hungry. And yes, it was the best: Greasy,
oily outside, perfectly seasoned, super moist inside---just how it
should be. In fact, I was so impressed, I went to the kitchen and asked
for the chef. We hit it off instantly." \[I didn't tell Alexander why.\]
"He gave me his fried chicken recipe, along with his recipe for pecan
pie and sweet potato pie, which, by the way, I made for dessert. I
visited him in Georgia last New Year's for three wonderful days of
cooking and eating, and invited him to Massachusetts for this New
Year's. I'd love for you to meet him; he's such a wonderful cook who's
taught me so much."

Alexander looked at me suspiciously.

"There's nothing between us. And besides, he's not my type---really." I
blushed, dishing more chicken, collards, and baked beans. "We're good
friends, nothing more. We love cooking together, trying out new
recipes."

"You make cooking sound so fun."

"Cooking *is* fun, Alexander."

"I wouldn't know where to start."

"Are you serious? You live alone and don't know how to cook? How do you
eat? *What* do you eat?"

"Fast food, usually. Sometimes Chinese, or KFC."

"That gets expensive, not to mention that it isn't good for you."

"I'm always working and I'm too tired to cook when I get home."

"Cooking really doesn't take that much time and effort. Start off by
keeping your refrigerator well-stocked. You do have a refrigerator?"

"Yes," he answered, laughing.

"Stock it with eggs, vegetables, cheese, bread so you can make yourself
a quick omelet. Then some already-boiled potatoes, so you can fry them,
and with any leftover meat, you can make a skillet; throw in some
peppers and onions and you have a---

"You two need help?" a male voice called, startling us, from a
thirty-foot sailboat passing just off our bow; its two sails down,
powered by a small engine. "Just checking if everyone's OK? Severe
storms this afternoon. Cold front moving through." Two women and another
man were with him and said hello.

I assured him that we were fine, offering them fried chicken.

"No thanks," a woman said. "But it does smell good."

They bid us goodbye.

Alexander stretched his legs, watching the sailboat chug north toward
Moultonborough. "Your grandfather was a good swimmer?" he asked, as the
boat became a distant speck.

"Yes." I handed Alexander another Narragansett and took one for myself.
"Swimming was his passion...Senior year in high school, already owning
two school records, and with high expectations to break a few more, he
expected to be team captain. But the coach had it in for him, not so
much for his results, since he always placed at least third, but for
living off his God-given talent (Coach's words) never surpassing his
self-imposed limits, which wasn't true at all. In fact, the opposite
was. But the coach was old school---once he formed an opinion he never
deviated, no matter how erroneous.

"Part of it was not having a swimmer's build, despite spending so much
time in the water. His coach constantly exhorted my grandfather to lose
weight, saying that looking like a linebacker handed his opponents a
psychological edge: like watching a basketball team that you're about to
play get off the bus with no one over 5'8". In swimming, that edge might
only be a tenth of a second, but often, that's enough to separate first
from third.

"My grandfather didn't even make the team his senior year. He was
stunned along with everyone else. His teammates pleaded with the Coach,
but to no avail. My grandfather was so angry that he decided to try out
for the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City---two years off---to prove to
himself (and everyone else)."

"I would've transferred schools."

"He almost did but couldn't for logistical reasons. But my grandfather
knew enough about swimming that in order to make the team, he needed to
train full-time with a special coach. But he didn't have the money, nor
could he have raised it, and he couldn't afford not to work which irked
him, because he knew that everyone else trying out for the Olympics had
been training since grade school. But he couldn't let his family down
since they really needed his income, which only made him more
determined.

"So, after graduation, he worked full-time, training for two years
before and after work. Despite having two strikes against him, my
grandfather had cut almost two seconds off his time, which in swimming
is an awful lot; and knowing the times of practically everyone, he was
confident that he would make the team, and perhaps even win a bronze
medal in Mexico."

"And?" Alexander impatiently asked.

"He missed the qualifying heat by one-tenth of a second."

"*One-tenth of a second?"*

"That's a lot in swimming. In that heat, one-tenth of a second separated
the top four, and my grandfather placed fourth. He said that maybe if he
had done something wrong, made a mistake or something, he would've tried
again four years later, but everything was perfect; his race was
flawless---besting his own personal record by six-tenths of a second;
there was nothing he could have done better. It was his best race."

"One-tenth of a second? I couldn't imagine going through life losing by
one-tenth of a second."

"He didn't lose. It just wasn't good enough. That race made him realize
how good he actually was---performing at the outer limits of his
capability---but that his opponents were just a tad better. I know he
was disappointed that lack of money prevented him from training
professionally (although he later said to me that even with training, he
couldn't have raced any better). I think that's why he's since worked so
hard: so that money would never again be an issue, especially for me."

I took a long drink of Narragansett, savoring the warm morning sunshine.
We smiled at each other. "Alexander, I hardly know anything about
you---other than that you can drive a bulldozer and that your brother
looks nothing like you---surely someone as cute as you must be dating
someone?"

"Me? I broke up with this girl about six months ago."

"Why?"

"She never laughed."

I burst out laughing, not because I wanted to impress, but because I
laugh easy---everyone knows that. "What do you mean she never laughed?
How can someone *never* laugh?"

"I don't know." Alexander helped himself to another piece of chicken.
"She just never

laughed. Not even once."

I glanced toward the Belknap Mountains along the southern shore,
thinking about my mother (I'm not sure why at that particular moment,
although her melancholy sometimes intrudes like an unwelcomed guest)
wondering if she once laughed as much as my grandfather claimed, and if
so, was it genuine, or a pretense for something else?

"And you?" Alexander asked.

"Huh? Me? I laugh a lot. I like to laugh."

"I noticed. I mean someone as pretty as you; you must be dating
someone?"

No. I'm not. I...I haven't been in a serious relationship for a while."
Tears welled up unexpectedly.

"I'm sorry if I struck a nerve. We can talk about something else?"

"That's OK. It might be good to finally talk about it. I *should* talk
about it...I haven't talked about it---yes maybe it's good to finally
talk---he... he was captain of the football team. Star quarterback,
lots of scholarship offers, and chose Princeton. I really wanted to go
to Princeton with him but decided on Colombia...Senior year in high
school we were undefeated and won the state championship for the third
year in a row. I was cheerleader captain. The next night, everyone was
going out to celebrate, but I was grounded for some stupid idiotic
reason, which even if I told you, you'd never, never understand. .
.Terry was hit by a drunk driver, killed instantly along with another
player." I wiped my eyes with my index finger. "If...if I was with
him, we wouldn't have got into that accident. I know that...That night
was supposed to have been very special. And not just to celebrate our
championship...During warmups before the game, I wrote Terry a note,
sealed it in an envelope and gave it to an assistant coach to give to
Terry. He initially thought it was a court summons, then recognizing my
handwriting, assumed that I wanted to break up with him. He debated
opening it; quickly deciding yes, thinking that if I were, nothing would
have incentivized him more.

"He was always pressuring me to have sex---always---and I was the
reluctant one, only because I wanted to wait until we were
married---call me old-fashioned." *Did I really just say that?* "But
that day I'm not sure what changed my mind. In my note I promised that
afterwards, during our victory celebration party (I knew we'd win, as
did everyone else) to sneak away (even for just a brief moment) and
celebrate our new life together---temporarily apart but forever one.
After the opening coin toss, he skipped to the sidelines and kissed me
with that wonderful twinkle in his eye. He threw four touchdown passes
and ran for two more."

"Did you win?"

"But we never got the chance," I said, my voice cracking. "The next day
I was grounded. If I was with Terry that night, he'd still be alive. We
would have left earlier and would've missed that drunk driver."

Alexander apologized, holding me, letting me cry.

"Is that why you became a lawyer?" he asked after a silence. "To do
something about drunk drivers?"

I took a small helping of collards, tempted to tell Alexander the truth,
tempted to explain who I really was and the real reason I decided to
become a lawyer, tempted to be honest with myself, tempted to stop
pretending that I was a normal person with a normal, ordinary reason for
attending law school. I slipped on my sunglasses and looked away toward
the southern horizon. No. Not today. I wasn't ready to go down that road
with Alexander. I glanced over the water, tightening my windbreaker. A
sailboat was marooned in the distance. A motorboat chugged by. "I did so
to help the less fortunate," was all that I could muster, which by the
way, was the essence of the truth.

"Is your brother older?" I asked, desperate to change the subject.

"Younger. By two years."

"Really? He looks much older."

"Everyone says that." Alexander grabbed another piece of chicken. "And
if he didn't dye his hair, he'd look even older. He was completely grey
at twenty-five."

"And you?"

"If I went grey or bald, so what? That's me. I hate people pretending to
be someone else."

I crossed my legs, shifting my weight. "Hate's a pretty strong word."

"People should accept who they are."

"So grey hair (or baldness) defines you?"

"Yes."

I took two Narragansetts from the cooler, handing one to Alexander. "Are
you close to your parents." I assumed so. After all, isn't everyone?

"My father left us when I was four."

"I'm sorry Alexander."

"No need to be sorry. He met someone younger, someone without four
kids."

"That must've been really hard on your mother?"

"Yes."

"Have you seen him since? Does he keep in touch?"

"No."

"How do you know if he's still alive?"

"My mother knows for legal purposes. She'll tell me if I ever asked."

"And?"

"I've never asked."

"Why?"

"Why would I want to meet someone who ran out on my mother?"

"Curiosity? If nothing else?"

Alexander pointed to the distant sailboat. "Like asking that guy where
he lives."

"That's not the same, Alexander."

"I did run into him once. I knew it was him. And he knew it was me." He
took a long drink of beer, finishing it. I handed him another. "A couple
of years ago Paul and I were at Gillette for a Pats game. I had to take
a leak and saw this guy coming out of the men's room as I was going in:
the spitting image of my brother. Without never seeing his picture, I
knew it was him and he knew it was me---I look just like my mother."

"She must be really pretty."

"We both stopped for a split-second, then went our separate ways."

"Really, Alexander? That's it? Your own father?"

"He's not my father. And besides I had to take a leak. But I knew it was
him---\"

"That's even worse, how could you let that moment slip?"

"A guy who walked out on my mother with four young kids?"

"Did you at least turn around to see if he had turned around?"

"Never even crossed my mind."

I dished Alexander more collards. "Has your mother remarried?"

"She just met someone, and they set a date for June. I actually like the
bastard. He's taking me to the Miami game next weekend; just the two of
us, to get better acquainted."

"In Miami?"

"I wish. He's nice to her. Treats her like a queen. Has a nice house and
money."

"Money's important?"

"Not for me, but I want someone who can support my mother financially.
She deserves that, after all these years, sacrificing everything for us,
working two jobs."

"You must have a picture of her?"

Alexander took out his cellphone and showed me a family photo. "That's
my mother in the middle."

"*That's* your mother? She's beautiful. And you do look just like her."

"Everyone says that. My sisters always wanted to borrow some of my
mother's looks, saying that it wasn't fair to waste them all on me.
Unfortunately, they both look like my father, especially my older sister
Elaine. She's next to me on my right. She lives in Providence and is an
editor at the *Journal*, recently divorced. That's my younger sister
Jeanne on my mother's other side; we're only eleven months apart but we
look nothing alike---she lives at home with my Mom, works at a bank,
taking night classes, studying to be a beautician."

"I'd like to meet your family, Alexander, soon; especially your mother."
I smiled stretching my legs. "Walter says you'll be the youngest AFL-CIO
president. And certainly the cutest. Gompers, Meany, Lewis,
Kirkland---come on! Although Trumka could give you a run for your
money."

"I was raised by a single mom working two jobs. People like her need a
voice, someone to go to bat for them. Trumka worked in the field for
five years, getting a bachelor's degree *and* a law degree; and I'll be
following in his footsteps, except for the law degree. This winter I'm
starting on my bachelor's in political science at Northeastern, taking
online and night classes. My mother was thrilled when I told her."

"So if you want to get elected, why'd you ask Walter to be your campaign
manager?"

"I didn't. And he isn't my manager, at least not yet."

"He lost every election he ever ran in. Three locals, and a district, I
think it was?"

"He says he knows what *not* to do and the mistakes to avoid. He does
have a point; and besides, it's in his best interest to get me elected,
so at least I'll listen."

"My grandfather never could trust him."

"Neither can I."

"You have to take everything he says with a grain of salt."

"How about a saltshaker. Like telling me your grandfather collapsed in
his arms, right on the staging."

"He told you that? My grandfather slipped and fell from the icy staging,
which Walter was supposed to have cleared but either forgot or did it
his usual half-way. They ruled his death a heart attack. But no one
knows if he had the heart attack first, then slipped, or fell first,
then had the heart attack."

"He didn't die in Walter's arms?"

"He's the last one my grandfather would've chosen. Whatever Walter says,
the opposite is true; at least he's dependable."

"Like saying you and your grandfather never laughed."

"What? He said that? I *always* laugh and we always laughed together.
Everyone knows that, especially Walter."

"He also said that you have a temper and that you're always on the
edge."

"On the edge of what?"

Alexander shrugged. "So what? Everyone does."

I frowned, brushing away a tear. "Yes, I can be on the edge. And yes, I
have my father's temper." I stared at snow-clad Mount Washington,
peacefully looming over the distant, cold-grey mountains. "Things fester
with him and unfortunately, the same with me. I've tried walking away,
not walking away, holding my breath, not holding my breath, counting to
a million."

"A million?"

"Even that doesn't even work. The only thing that does work is leaving.
Immediately. Whereas my father stays put, his anger gestating,
coalescing into a firestorm, scorching guilty and innocent alike---"

Just then I remembered something from a long time ago, something that I
thought I had forever banished from my memory, something that I had no
intention of telling Alexander or anyone else for that matter, but the
untethered words gushed out: "One of his worst outbursts was during a
sleepover in eighth grade, in front of my friends. (I'm not sure what I
was thinking inviting them over?) I had been pestering my mother to let
me get my ears pierced but she adamantly refused."

"Why?" Alexander innocently asked.

"You'll never understand. No one ever will. So, a week before my
sleepover I pierced them myself. I had to in order to remain on the
cheerleading squad." I told Alexander about Coach buying us these purple
ball earrings, then continued, "The first night of the sleepover, my
friends and I were in the kitchen making hot chocolate, talking,
laughing, having fun; just being girls. The night was warm, and I had
innocently tied my hair back. My mother happened to come into the
kitchen for something and froze when she saw me, like she had seen a
ghost. She left and returned immediately with my father, who stood
glaring at me, like a bull ready to charge, arms folded like I had
committed some egregious crime.

"I can picture him," said Alexander.

"'I'll count to ten,' my father snorted. 'If they're not out, *I'll*
take them out.'"

"My friends stood shocked. 'Everyone has pierced ears,' I heard one
say."

"My mother flinched."

"'Four ...Five...Six.'"

"I never felt so humiliated. My body was numb."

"Don't cause a scene,"' my mother whispered.

*"I'm causing a scene?"*

"'Seven...Eight.'"

"My mother hovered next to me. For a moment I thought she was going to
protect her daughter, but she forcibly removed the studs, ripping the
right earring against the hole, causing it to bleed...I slumped over,
crying. My father said something, but I was a million miles away."

I pointed to my expensive diamond earrings, "A gift from my grandparents
when they found out." I took a long drink of beer, then looking into
Alexander's eyes continued, "Senior year in high school, two weeks
before our championship game, I got another piercing in each ear
(everyone on the cheerleading squad did---at least those who hadn't
already---so we could wear the same purple and white double earrings for
the game; celebrating four years without a loss). That's why I was
grounded. I could only go to the game (I was surprised they even allowed
that) and to school. I was forbidden to see Terry."

"Why? I don't get it?"

"No one does." I brushed away a tear. "No one ever will. The night of
our celebration Terry stopped over pleading with my father to let me go.
'A once-in-a-lifetime celebration,' he said, even offering to double the
punishment if I could just go this one night. Terry hated my father;
hated how he treated me. If he had said yes or if I wasn't grounded in
the first place, we would've missed that drunk driver. I know that. But
my father didn't budge...One of my friends riding in the back said
that just before the accident Terry's phone rang. That was me, just
wanting to hear his voice. He struggled finding his phone, and then the
accident happened. Perhaps I distracted him enough that he didn't see
the oncoming car?"

Alexander hugged me. "You can't think like that, Joanna."

I was sweating in the warm sun. "I didn't choose this family I was born
into." I slipped off my windbreaker, inadvertently revealing my tattooed
wrists: A man on my left and a woman on my right, smiling at each other.

"You and your high school boyfriend?"

I wanted to explain that each tattoo represented a part of who I was:
male and female but couldn't put the words together. "I'd never tattoo
myself. I'm not that narcissistic and I'd never tattoo my boyfriend,
dead or alive---I'm sorry, Alexander, what a terrible thing to say." I
rose and perched on the stern's edge. I could sense Alexander staring at
my back, at my large tattoo; I mean everyone asks, so why wouldn't
Alexander? "It's the Pyramid of the Sun," I said without looking at him.
"In Teotihuacan. Just north of Mexico City." My father says I got that
(and others) for attention, which shows how little he knows me. "It's a
national symbol of Mexico. I got it in Mexico City to honor my
grandfather...He never approved of any my tattoos and always talked me
out of getting more. But he understood." I dove over the engines deep
into the water. The deeper I swam, the more the murky green sunlight
played tricks on me. Was that a submerged log? A shipwreck? A large
fish?