## Alexander Morgan

I tapped the welder's shoulder, asking if he wanted anything for coffee
break.

He propped up his mask just above his nose, bracing it with his
forefinger. "Just a small coffee." He handed me a ten-dollar bill.
"Black. And an English muffin. Buttered."

"Both sides?"

"Yes."

"Why don't you join us?"

"By the time I climb down, shut the machine off, coffee break will be
over. Just bring it up you with you. And the change."

"Who's going to watch for sparks while I'm gone?"

The welder shook his head, lowering his mask.  

I descended the ladder and headed to the front of the bank sidestepping
two-by-fours, pipes, planks, bricks, spikes, and unannounced holes.

"Leaving for the day?" Nick dropped his hammer in his holster. "I wish I
had your goddamn hours." Admiring his almost-finished wooden form for
the concrete sidewalk, he fished deep in his overall pockets pulling out
a pack of cigarettes.

"What you want for coffee?" I asked.  

Nick lit a cigarette, then handed me a five-dollar bill. "Take a wild
guess.  And make sure there's four goddamn sugars. Yesterday---\"

"I put them four in myself."

Nick removed his hard hat, brushing back his blond hair---what was left
of it---then hurriedly put it back on, as if shying away from baldness.
But there ain't nothing you can do about it. And I'm sorry, but blonde
dudes shouldn't try to grow a beard. A moustache perhaps, even a
friggin' Fu Manchu, but definitely not a beard.  

Nick exhaled smoke in my face, "Make sure there's four goddamned
sugars."

"One large coffee with four goddamned sugars." I typed his order into my
cell phone---you have to with these bastards. "Hey, if they're out of
*goddamned* sugars---they sell out pretty quickly---"

"Four goddamned sugars. And don't disappear after coffee. You have to
put the wire down for the sidewalk."

*Yeah, no shit.*

This was damn fine weather. Just like an August day but without the
humidity. If I didn't have my truck payment hanging over me, I'd call in
sick and head to the beach, but with my luck some reporter would do a
story on construction guys playing hooky and then everyone in the city
of Boston would know that I wasn't sick.

"Well, well, well," Abe said. "Look who's coming to work." He stood at
the other end of the wooden sidewalk form, steadying a plank lengthwise,
while Walter braced it with a piece of strapping. Abe removed his thick
black glasses, wiping them with a handkerchief before putting them back
on. "Give us a hand."  

"We're good," said Walter. A short man with a perfectly round face and
an always-red left eye, like he was suffering a perpetual hangover. "The
kid's goin' for coffee."

"First work he's done all day," said Abe.

Despite Walter being white and Abe black, at first glance you'd swear
these two bastards were related: Same height, same stout build, same
upturned, pudgy nose, but Abe's stomach is flat and his eye ain't always
red, although sometimes it's hard to tell with them heavy glasses.
Everyone says Abe is a youthful 59, but if you ask me, he looks exactly
59; whereas Walter's leathery, weather-beaten skin makes him look even
older. So much for first glances.

Walter handed me a twenty-dollar bill, then said to Abe: "I'm buyin'."
  

"You win the lottery or something?" asked Abe.

"Haven't bought in a while."

"The friggin' understatement of the year." Abe picked up another plank,
eyeballing it for straightness. "Make sure them both sides of my English
muffin are buttered."

"You should be double-checkin' everyone's order," Walter said to me.
"And take Gary's coffee out of my twenty."

"I'll need a lot more that," I said, extending my hand.

"Just get him one coffee. And one goddammed muffin."

"English?"

"Bran," said Walter. "He's on a new diet."

"Every week he says he's on a new diet," snickered Abe.    

"If he exercised every now and then," I said. "He wouldn't need no diet.
So, he don't want his muffin slabbed with butter as usual?"

Walter frowned. "Didn't say, but yesterday he was full of piss and
vinegar that his muffins were marmaladed."

"*Marmaladed*?" asked Abe.

"His words."

"Then *he* should've said something if he was so pissed"  

"He did," Abe said. "He raised quite a stink during coffee. Don't you
remember?"

"Dozin' off again?" Walter said. "You should be payin' attention during
coffee break."

"Hey, the kid put in a good fifteen minutes of work and needed to rest."
 

Walter fondled a piece of strapping, then, at a forty-five-degree angle,
nailed it to the plank. "Gary wants a small black coffee, no cream and
*no* sugar. And one friggin' bran muffin. Get goin' kid, it's almost
time for lunch."

"Where's Paul?" I asked, typing in Gary's order. Of course, everyone
knew that he was still snapping off them rods sticking out from the
newly poured foundation, and probably will for the rest of his life.

"He's found a new home," Walter said.

"If he'd listened to me, he'd be done by now," I said.  

"Why would anyone listen to you?" asked Abe.  

"He better not get too comfortable," added Walter. "When they start
gradin' he might be backfilled along with the dirt."

"Not the worst thing to happen," I muttered.

"Get goin' kid, it's almost time for lunch."

At the rear of the bank, I straddled a six-foot mound of fresh black
dirt, paralleling the newly poured foundation, carefully side-stepping
the aluminum ladder. Not that I'm superstitious about shit, but I have
enough bad luck without inviting more. Sure enough, Paul was leaning
against the foundation clasping an open-ended pipe around a two-inch,
exposed reinforcing rod, pushing it to the right, left, right, left,
right, left.     

"Hey Paul. Time for coffee."

"*Time for coffee*!" I repeated. "I ain't got all friggin' day."

The rod snapped, throwing Paul to the ground. He pushed himself up with
his long, bony hands, wiping his forehead with his sweaty tee-shirt.   

"Look at you: Sweating like a bastard and it ain't even nine o'clock. If
you had torched them rods like I suggested, you'd be done by now."

"You know I get the *same* thing every day," Paul said, searching for
his open-ended pipe.  

"Because the one day I don't ask, you'd want something different and
then I'd never hear the friggin' end of it---and besides I need money."

"Use the change you *still* owe me from yesterday."

"Change? You owe me twenty cents, you cheap bastard."

Paul handed me a sweaty five-dollar bill. "Twenty cents? And I'm the
cheap bastard?"

"Twenty cents one day, forty cents another; it adds up."

Just then a large flatbed truck hauling a bulldozer and a grader rumbled
into the bank's newly expanded parking lot.

"I thought they weren't grading until Friday?" Paul said.     

"Friday? Who said that?"

"Phil."

"And you believed him?" I pointed to the far end of the foundation.
"What about them two rods still sticking out?"

"Two rods? Big deal."

"*Big deal?* Why not leave them all in?"

"Don't tell me how to do my job." Paul shuffled down the dirt mound,
giving me an over-the-shoulder the finger. Like I really gave a shit.