# Book Three {-}

## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

I wore a Red Sox cap, windbreaker, black jeans, sneakers, my
grandparents' diamond earrings, and of course my Fu Manchu. Standing
atop the gangplank I was the boat's unofficial greeter: a comforting
beacon, welcoming old friends and new acquaintances, drawn by the
hypnotic beat of the band; some already dancing, shuffling up the steel
gangplank; the band muffling the jetliners overhead, one after another,
landing at Logan Airport just across the harbor. With a warm sun and a
cool ocean breeze it was a splendid afternoon for a cruise on Boston
Harbor.

Suddenly I realized that I was still wearing my nose rings (three pink
diamond studs) which I usually remove when I dress as a guy, unless I
forget, which happens a lot. Like this one time, not yet comfortable
going out in public, worried that I wasn't passable and that someone
would easily recognize me, but still anxious to present myself as a
male, I decided to go solo to the movies, where I could linger alone
with others in a tapestry of darkness. The movie queue snaked out the
door, then doubled back, so that everyone had to pass each other. A
woman holding hands with another woman approached, wearing a pretty
brown sundress exposing exquisite tattoos on her back and shoulders.
About to compliment her, she snickered to her tattoo-less, earring-less
companion, "He has a nose ring!" Apparently, earrings *and* nose rings
were too much. Sometimes you find intolerance where least expected.

Everyone arrived with so much pent-up energy, they went straight to the
dance floor. Guys with guys, girls with girls, girls with guys, not
really caring, just having fun. Rachel was touching up in the ladies'
room, and this, after spending the whole morning getting ready! I was
about to text her that the band had started, that there were lots of
people I wanted her to meet, when my heart stopped: Was that Alexander
in the parking lot? The last person on earth I expected? What made him
decide to come? Yes, it was him, stepping down from his truck---although
he didn't dress up? How could he not have known that everyone dresses up
on this cruise?

He walked briskly toward the gangplank, as if worried about being
spotted. He quickly ascended, brushing past me, annoyed that this guy
(me) was smiling at him.

"Alexander!" I called in my Joanna voice.

He turned, looking past me.

"It's me. Joanna." I reached out, but he stepped backed, as if I had the
plague.

"Joanna?" Alexander asked, with a tinge of contempt.

I removed my Fu-Manchu and took off my baseball cap, carefully ignoring
his contorted look of unsure superiority that something was wrong, that
something was amiss. "Alexander, it's me. I guess I forgot to tell you
that everyone on this cruise dresses up---I really wasn't expecting
you."

"Obviously."

The whistle blew. It was five minutes before noon. The gangplank was
about to be raised and the boat would soon depart on its four-hour
cruise of Boston Harbor.

Sensing his agitation, I led him to the bar, hoping that a drink would
loosen him up. We snaked through the outer edge of the dance floor,
carefully avoiding being sucked in by the centrifugal, hypnotic beat.

"Why's everyone staring at me?" he asked, after I bought him a glass of
champagne and took one for myself.

"Because you perfectly nailed it: being a guy."

"That's because I am a guy."

"Everyone here has an idealized picture of how others see them, each
striving for that elusive, imaginary ideal, but most fall short."

Alexander took a long sip. "So you mean the guys are actually girls
pretending to be guys?"

"No one here pretends, this is who we are. When we leave, we have to
pretend. Sure, this is fun while it lasts but it's artificial and
ephemeral, like an electric light in the Arctic. We want to bathe in
real sunlight but for most of us that's unattainable, so we have this
artificial, make-believe fantasy world for four hours---where no one
criticizes or disparages. And for many of us, that's just enough to keep
us going---then back to reality: living in two worlds, rejected by both,
accepted by neither. The high priests of society, the self-righteous,
the self-anointed judges of humankind, say we'll burn in hell for daring
to challenge God's plan."

"So, everyone thinks I'm a girl dressed as a guy?"

"They assume you *are* a guy."

"OK, that's fine: I'm a guy dressed as a guy. As long as everyone knows
that."

Alexander still didn't get it. He drained his glass, wiped his mouth
with the back of his hand, and handed it to me.

"Do I look like a butler?"

"As a matter of fact, yes, you do."

I set our champagne glasses on a mushroom-looking table. "If you feel
uncomfortable about this cruise or about me, you don't have to stay. No
one's forcing you. But this is who I am, and these are friends." I
slipped on my Fu Man Chu and put on my baseball cap and headed to the
dance floor, trying to find some space, not expecting him to follow.
Squeezing into a small but quickly collapsing niche, I was pleasantly
surprised to see Alexander, close behind. I bumped into two old
friends---literally. I'm sure Alexander assumed they were
lesbians---which they were, but I didn't say that each was born male,
had fully transitioned and had happily found each other. They shared
their good news of adopting their second child, who like her older
brother was severely mentally and physically handicapped; inviting us to
celebrate later, after the cruise.

No sooner had we separated, than Hope, a fourteen-year-old girl, rushed
to me, seeming quite agitated, saying that she was so glad to finally be
here---but I couldn't tell if she was laughing or crying---then darted
away before I could respond.

"Looking for her parents?" Alexander asked innocently.

"She's here despite her parents. She was born male but always knew she
was female, something that her religiously conservative parents couldn't
tolerate. Frankly, I was surprised to see her today---her first
cruise---surprised that her parents allowed her."

"Wow, this really is a hall of mirrors."

"The outside world is a hall of mirrors where we have to dissemble to
fit society's preconceptions."

We danced a few more songs. Alexander seemed to enjoy the dancing, and
for a big guy was pretty smooth and agile.