## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

"Rachel?" I sat up. Is that you?"\
She was sitting on the edge of my bed, damping my forehead with a warm
bath towel.

"I made you some tea."

I wrapped my hands around the teacup, savoring its warmth. "Is Alexander
here? I thought I heard his voice?"

Rachel propped my back with two pillows. "He's waiting in the driveway.
You were quite restless. It seems like you had a bad dream or
something."

"So it was a dream?"\
"Joanna, how'd you get off the boat? What happened?"

"Were there any birds? Inside the house?"

"Birds? What're you talking about?"

I loosened my blouse, turning as best as I could to feel a long fresh
scratch on my upper shoulder. "So it *did* happen? It wasn't a dream?"

"What're you talking about?" Rachel asked, taking a closer look. "Joanna
what happened!" Did you get scratched trying to get off the boat?"

I straightened up against the pillows. "I was in the woods when suddenly
this huge bird swooshed at me, clawing my hair and my back. And then
another---or was it the same bird? No, there *were* two...When I came
home, I wanted a hot bath---but then I found myself walking toward the
woods. Everything was so green. That's why I thought it was a
dream---how could everything be so green when everything was so brown?
Two teenage boys passed me, laughing. Cars floated by like bubbles, as
if on water. Everything seemed so big, with colorful razor-sharp edges.
Then, deep in the woods I found myself in this strange, most awful
place: trees; long rows with frightfully crooked branches, stretching,
reaching---like dead limbs. I was leaning against the only live one
when---\"

"Joanna, why didn't you call! We had a pact. *We* were trying to call
you. Why didn't you pick up?"

"Everything happened so quickly. On the boat, I felt nauseous, wobbly.
My head was spinning, like I'd been drinking all day, but all I had was
water. I asked the Captain to be let off. Luckily, we were close to the
Wharf. Once outside, I felt a lot better and was able to drive home." I
took Rachel's hand, apologizing, asking for forgiveness. "I remember
looking for my phone, then realizing I had forgotten it. And just then
these two birds started attacking me."

Alexander was texting me. I handed Rachel my phone. "I can't talk right
now. Sweetie, can you stay with me tonight? Please?"

"Of course. I'll be right back; I left my purse in Alexander's truck.
You'll be OK?"

Yes, I nodded, yawning.