## Joanna Turnus

Rachel seemed more relaxed when she returned, although her countenance
often betrays the opposite of her real feelings. But she did seem
genuinely happy to be joining us. Perhaps it was the basil blackberry
tarts (her favorite) or confessing that she likes men (I've known all
along) or Alexander joining us for dinner and staying for dessert (I've
long noticed how she looks at him) but whatever the reason (I'm sure it
was all three) it was good to see her smiling and laughing.

Finished with dessert (Rachel had two tarts despite her weight
protestations), I suggested a story-telling contest: something that had
happened to us which was embarrassing at the time, but now (quite)
laughable.

"Funny *and* embarrassing don't usually go together," quipped Rachel.

I placed three one-hundred-dollar bills on the table.

"How come everyone has friggin' C-notes except for me," muttered
Alexander.

"That's the whole point sweetie. Now we can and should be able to laugh
about it. Whoever tells the best story wins. Keep it under 15 minutes.
We each have one vote and can't vote for ourselves. It must be something
that happened to you and it must be true."

"Why make it so difficult?" asked Alexander. "I can't tell a story in
less than fifteen minutes, especially if it's true."

"What about a tie?" Rachel asked.

"A lie?" Alexander asked. "Now we're talking. A lie would make it easier
to tell the truth."

"*A tie*!" said Rachel and I."

"Just one story?" asked Rachel. "I could write a book: Caught in the
wrong bathroom, going through a drive-through with my wig half off."

"That's a wig?" Alexander asked.

Rachel smiled tossing back her long, brown hair. "Alexander, did you
ever absent-mindedly answer the door half-dressed in the clothes of the
opposite sex, or get caught wearing makeup when you shouldn't have?"

"Can't say that I have. But once my ex-girlfriend caught me putting on
women's deodorant."

"Women's deodorant?" I asked, laughing. "What possessed you to do such a
terrible thing?"

"Did the sky blacken?" Rachel asked. "Did your bedroom curtain rip
asunder?"

"I was at my girlfriend's---my ex-girlfriend's."

"The one who never laughed?"

"I had just showered when I realized that I'd forgotten my deodorant;
then I saw a women's travel-size deodorant in my girlfriend's makeup
bag, right on the counter."

"A life altering decision," I said.

"That's how I started," Rachel added, "first women's deodorant, then a
woman's razor."

"The same with me, sweetie, except it was men's deodorant, then a man's
razor."

We shared a laugh.

"Let me guess," Rachel said. "You forgot to put it back. Shame on you
Alexander, that's the first lesson we learn: if you use something always
return it *exactly* as you found it."

"Worse: She opened the door and caught me red-handed, asking what else I
had tried on."

"Women's deodorant?" I exclaimed. "Are you serious?"

"You *should* have tried on eye shadow or mascara or something," said
Rachel.

"So that's your story?" I asked Alexander. "Great! You're up, sweetie."

"Hell no, I'm just warming up, building rapport with the audience."
Alexander grinned. "I think I might have something."

"Remember, it must be something that actually happened."

"To me?"

"Yes," I answered, laughing.

"OK, OK. I think I might be in the Guinness Book of Records for the
shortest blind date ever. After my girlfriend and I broke up---"

"Because of the deodorant?" Rachel asked.

"What'd she look like? Any pictures?"

"Can I please tell my story? After we broke up everyone was setting me
up on blind dates---even Paul, that bastard. At first, I wasn't
interested, because he doesn't exactly have the best taste in women."

"Taste in women?" I hinted a smile.

"But he kept pestering me. So I agreed to meet this woman for dinner at
a local restaurant. That afternoon, *coincidentally*, I had just got
contact lenses, which---\"

"I thought you didn't believe in coincidences?" I said.

"Coincidences are never coincidental. They always happen for good reason
and there was a good reason why this coincidence happened and not
another one."

"Were they male or female lenses?" Rachel asked.

"Can I please tell my story? At the doctor's, I should have kept the
lenses in, but I had to drive home and needed my tinted sunglasses. At
home, I assumed putting them in would be a cinch. But I really
struggled, frustrated that it was so difficult. Then I remembered the
nurse saying to fold each lens like a friggin' taco but I don't eat
Mexican food, so I had no idea what a friggin' taco looked like."

"Are you serious?" I asked.

"Maybe that's the problem," Rachel said, laughing. "Everyone knows what
a taco looks like, but a *friggin'* taco---what the hell's that?"

"I was wondering that myself."

"A taco's just a taco---it could even be something else---but a friggin'
taco has no ambiguity---everyone knows exactly what it is. It always was
and always will be a taco."

"How can a taco be anything but a taco?" asked Rachel.

"Alexander has a wonderful way with words," I laughed to Rachel.

"I noticed."

"Actually, Alexander your problem was *folding* the lens instead of
shaping it into a bowl on your finger and then inserting it."

"Bowl? Why didn't someone say that? That would've been a lot easier:
everyone knows what a friggin' bowl looks like."

Rachel laughed. "I can't picture a friggin' bowl?"

"Alexander, at the doctor's office, why didn't you ask the nurse what a
taco looks like if you had no idea?"

He shrugged. "I didn't want to sound like an friggin' idiot. At home, it
took me forever to get one lens in, and then when I did, I couldn't get
the other one in. So not wanting to be late, I tried getting the out one
in and the in one out but couldn't do either. So I drove to the
restaurant with one in and one out. No problem driving, but once I sat
down, I couldn't see her or read the menu. I kept rocking back and forth
trying to focus. My date was scared---at least from what I could
see---asking if I was in drugs. I almost told her the truth but didn't
want her to think I was a friggin' idiot. She got up and left without
ordering. She didn't even say good-bye. Then Paul---that bastard---told
me that a couple of weeks later she met someone else, and they got
engaged."

"So you're only here because you had no idea what a taco looked like?" I
asked.

"A *friggin'* taco," added Rachel.

"I still don't." Alexander winked at me. "See, there's a reason why I
never ate tacos. And it ain't no coincidence."

I chuckled. "Ok Rachel, your turn, that is, if you're finally finished
Alexander."

He gestured for Rachel to begin.

"What if I tell two stories and you vote for the best?"

"Only one, sweetie; I'm sure you can think of something."

Rachel sighed. "That's not the problem, it's deciding *which* one."
Rachel thought for a moment, then smiled at Alexander. "Remember when I
told you about my wife coming home unexpectedly?"

"Go with it."

"I've something even better (or worse). About a week earlier, I went to
Victoria's Secret to buy a bra. My first. I was nervous and giddy with
anticipation. I must have walked past the store entrance at least a half
dozen times before I summoned the courage to enter. And once inside I
lost myself in every display trying to relax and stop my fast-beating
heart, which I assumed the whole store could see and hear. After what
seemed like an eternity, I approached the most sympathetic-looking
clerk, telling her that I was transitioning and that this was my first
bra. She was so sweet and helpful. She asked if I had been fitted.
'Yes,' I answered confidently, '36 B.'"

"Thirty-six? B? Rachel!"

"I guess I had idealized myself into a 36. They were so much prettier
than the larger ones. I found a blue polka dot, a lacy purple, and this
really pretty peach, but wasn't sure which, if any, would fit. The clerk
suggested trying them all on in the dressing room, saying that the store
wasn't that busy. I was in the most feminine of stores, surrounded by
women happy to be women, confident in their gender and sexuality; trying
on different bras in the fitting room just like every other woman;
giddy, except that the 36s were too tight---"

"I should say," I added.

"Great! That's your story?" asked Alexander, eyeing the prize money.

"Unfortunately, I'm just getting started. Pretty sad, though, looking
for affirmation from a store clerk."

"Sweetie, you envisioned her seeing you as a full-fledged woman, and
even though she might have wanted to, she can't help but see you as a
man trying to be a woman."

"But even that did wonders, although I should have realized that God was
laughing at me, that he was already planning his revenge, that my
short-lived euphoria was about to abruptly end. I decided to go with the
peach, even though it didn't exactly fit, but it was the most elastic. I
opened the fitting room door, clutching the three bras, and was
startled, surprised, and practically speechless to see my next-door
neighbor with her twelve-year-old daughter, patiently waiting to enter.
I was caught red-handed, nothing I could do or say. The mother smirked,
suspecting the obvious, 'Bobby, this is a surprise; buying a bra for
that special someone?' Absolutely nothing I could say. 'Go with the
polka dots,' she said, laughing, 'they're in right now.' She guided her
daughter into the fitting room, asking her mother why I was trying on a
bra. 'To make sure it fits!' I heard her say.'"

"Did she rat on you?" Alexander asked.

"Surprisingly no. Although after my wife left, I'm sure they had a field
day."

With Rachel wrapping up I was thinking about my own story. (She was
right: the problem was not finding a story but deciding which one.) I
suddenly remembered something from my childhood, a long time ago;
something that I thought I had banished from memory: the only time that
my grandfather had ever yelled at me.

"We don't have all night." Alexander said.

I began: "I was ten years old and rather tall for my age."

"OK!" said Alexander. "That's your story? Time to vote."

"Alexander, sometimes you can be so annoying. When I was ten years old,
my grandparents visited some friends on the Lake, taking me along. They
had this wooden, three-level diving board: one-meter, four meters, and
ten meters. Almost immediately my grandfather and his friend took to the
top, while the rest of us watched from the dock.

'"It's a piece of cake,' my grandfather kept repeating, constantly
eyeing me. 'A piece of cake.' My grandmother said to ignore him, that
he's acting like a spoiled child. Not exactly easy with him prancing up
and down, repeating 'it's a piece of cake.' Then just before
lunch---when no one was looking---I found myself climbing the ladder, my
heart pounding, determined to jump from the top, determined to make my
grandfather proud. 'A piece of cake,' I kept hearing my grandfather say,
or was it just my imagination? At the top level, I was stunned how high
I was and how small everything looked. Inching along, the board became
narrower. The cold-grey water was hard as slate.

'My grandfather had gathered everyone on the dock, waving me forward,
proud as a peacock that his ten-year-old granddaughter was about to jump
off the ten-meter board. 'It's a piece of cake,' he kept repeating, 'a
piece of cake.'"

"How deep was the water?" Rachel asked.

"Twenty-five feet. The height was deeper than the depth. And my height
made the board seem that much taller. I tried so hard to jump but
couldn't. Then I sat on the edge of the board, my feet dangling,
thinking that sitting would make the height less formidable and I could
inch myself off, but that was worse: how do you jump from a sitting
position? My grandmother said to climb down, reprimanding my grandfather
that I was just a ten-year-old girl and that he should be thankful that
I love the water just like him. But my grandfather insisted that since I
climbed up, I had to jump off. 'No one climbs *down* a diving board.'

"I stood up, determined but couldn't budge, so I sat down again. Then I
stood up and closed my eyes trying to inch forward but couldn't do that
either. My grandfather stormed away waving his hands, yelling, 'I can't
believe this; I just can't believe this.'"

"What's the record for sitting on a diving board?" Alexander asked.

"I had to pee, and I was getting sunburnt, so I inched backwards---I was
never so humiliated. I scampered down the ladder, went inside and cried.
My grandmother reamed him out; I never saw her so mad. Of all the stupid
things I did in my life, of all the times I had really embarrassed him,
that was the only time he had ever criticized me---and in front of
others. It was so unlike him."

I handed everyone an index card. "I'm done. Time to vote. Remember: One
vote and you can't vote for yourself."

Alexander folded his card several times, then handed it to me.

"Everyone knows which one is yours," I said.

"Not necessarily."

Rachel scribbled, crossed out, rewrote, then handed her card to me.

I glanced at Rachel, then Alexander, then back to Rachel, raising her
arm. "Rachel two,

Joanna one, Alexander zero."

"I demand a recount," said Alexander.

"Rachel two, Joanna one, Alexander zero." I handed Rachel the prize
money.

"I can't take this from you," said Rachel, yawning.

"You won it sweetie, fair and square."

"So Rachel 'ol buddy, ol' pal; what you going to do with your friggin'
winnings?"

"Buy some new clothes after all this *friggin'* dessert." Rachel yawned,
stretching her arms, rousing Stan. "I'm tired, I have to go to bed."
Rachel hugged us good night, then slumbered up the stairs, seeming like
she could fall asleep any minute, on any step.

"She's in a funk," I said to Alexander. "She needs to find herself and
not look for herself in others."

"Ain't you being rather harsh?"

"She's looking everywhere for right answers, everywhere but herself."

Alexander, yawning, glanced at his watch. "Did she really win?"

"Yes."

"So why didn't you vote for me?"

"Rachel's story was better, and besides I wanted her to win. She needs
something to feel good about, even something trifling like this."

"Three hundred dollars ain't exactly trifling."

"In the bigger scheme of things, it is."

"Then why didn't you just give her the money?

"You're missing the point, Alexander. I wanted her to feel good about
herself."

"So the contest was rigged?"

"Of course not. I just wanted her to win."

"Did that diving board stuff really happen?"

"Of course it did. And something else that also happened: Last summer I
returned to the same cottage (something that I had long wanted to do).
Just myself. The new owners had completely rebuilt the dock and the
diving board, replacing the wood with no-slip aluminum. They also added
a fourth level---two meters higher! Four aluminum diving boards,
alternating left and right, just like the Olympics. I introduced myself
to the owners, explaining my purpose. They were really sweet, offering
to take pictures. I climbed like a monkey to the highest board. I
imagined my grandfather pacing the dock, looking at his watch, yelling,
embarrassing me. Although my initial fear returned, I wasn't going to
let it defeat me. The secret was taking a running start and not looking
down."

"Did you jump or dive?"

"What difference does that make?"

"It's called a diving board, not a jumping board."

"You sound like my grandfather. You could do a triple summersault,
reverse double-axle (which I think I did accidentally) and it's still a
diving board and not a triple summersault, reverse double-axle board."

"Did you tell anyone?"

"No."

"So what's the point? Like a tree falling in the forest, if no one's
around, no one knows."

"I was around. That's all that matters. Although I did wish that my
grandfather was there, but then again if so, maybe the old fears
would've returned?"

Alexander yawned.

"Why don't you stay the night?"

"Actually, I would, except I have to work tomorrow."

"Tomorrow? Saturday?"

"Yeah, Saturday *and* Sunday, landscaping at the bank."

"You, gardening?"

"It's pretty easy; everything's spelled out in the plans."

"I've some gardening to do around here, perhaps you can stop over some
time after work?"

"Nah, I never take my work home with me."

I laughed at his playful eyes. "Why don't you leave from here in the
morning? I'm up super early."

"I would but I have stop at my apartment to get my gardening shit, and
it's easier if I go back now."

"Gardening shit?"

"Tools."

I offered him the last tart, wishing that he'd reconsider.

"What if Rachel gets up in the middle of the night, hungry?"

"Are you kidding? She'll starve herself for two weeks trying to squeeze
into a size sixteen."

"How many calories in this sucker?" Alexander asked.

"Since when do you count calories?" I laughed, wiping his mouth with a
napkin.

We hugged goodnight. I held the door open. He took one step out, then
turned back. "Rachel? She'll be OK?"

"Yes.

"Has she ever thought of doing something else?"

"Being a cop is all she's ever wanted to do. Why do you ask?"

"She's missing that confidence, that edge, that cockiness that all
female cops have."

"What makes you such an expert?"

Alexander smiled. "I was pulled over for speeding three times in one
month by the same

lady cop."

"How many tickets did you actually get?"

"The third time I was driving Paul's souped-up car, doing seventy in a
thirty-five. But Paul, that bastard---I don't know why I even listened
to him, said to ask when her radar was last calibrated."

"That's like asking me when my law school degree was re-examined. And?"

"She gave me a ticket."

"You sound surprised?"

"I thought we had something."

"Are you serious?"\
"We did date for a while, though."

"Spare me the details."

"Is Rachel really a woman?"

"What do you think?"

"Do I have to ask the obvious?"

"She's a human being, just like you and I."

"You know what I mean."

"She hasn\'t fully transitioned yet, if that's what you're asking."

Alexander brushed my hair back over my forehead.

"I should get a sticker," I said, smiling at his playful green eyes.

"I know. The food was delicious."

"No, I mean this is our third date and I'm still here." I pulled
Alexander close. "It's supposed to be warm tomorrow, maybe the last warm
day before the weather changes. I have a swimming pool...Why don't you
stop by after work? I'm making Chinese food."

"I'm not good with chlorine."

"Neither am I. That's why I have salt water. And, if I jump overboard,
there's nowhere for me to go."

"How can I say no to that?" Alexander smiled, kissing me.