## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

The front door suddenly swung open. It was Rachel, looking haggard and
tired, as if she had been crying. We rose immediately; Joanna rushing to
embrace Rachel. "What's the matter sweetie? What happened?"

"The Captain just texted me," Rachel said, as Joanna wrapped her arm
around her, leading her to the table.

"And?"

"She rescheduled my end-of-the year meeting for next Tuesday."

"Why?"

"Why do you think?"

"I don't know, sweetie; I'm asking you."

"She wants to resolve things sooner rather than later."

"What do you mean, resolve?"

"Isn't it obvious? They'll be discussing my review, which is already
written. And I know it's negative. The Captain could have written a very
different evaluation, much more positive but she's using all this TG
stuff to fire me."

"That's illegal, sweetie."

"She has the evidence to back it up. And I'm giving it to her on a
silver platter." Rachel tossed back her long, brown hair. "She's never
liked me. Even before all this. She's jealous, sees me as a threat
rather than as a colleague. I also heard---and someday I'll find out if
it's true---that she slept with someone at the Academy in order to
pass."

"Sweetie, you can't stake your future on rumors."

"Last November, a group of us---seven to be exact---complained to the
Chief about her poor management, lack of empathy, intolerance---all
longstanding simmering issues. At first, I wasn't going to go, knowing
the Captain's vindictiveness if she were to find out---and I knew she
would. We all did. But they were my friends whom I socialized with, sat
next to at meetings and roll call, played basketball with, had a beer
with after work. I decided to vote my conscience with my friends. The
Chief promised to keep our meeting confidential, but the Captain found
out that same afternoon: One of my friends happened to look out the
window and saw them arguing back and forth; and like watching an Italian
opera, everything unfolded clear as day. The next day, another friend
overheard the Captain saying that she'll be firing all of us; it's just
a matter of time. Since then, three have transferred, two resigned, one
was fired, and now I'm the only one left."

"Why didn't you transfer with the other three?" I asked.

Rachel shrugged. "Hindsight's always perfect."

"I'll be with you Tuesday, sweetie; we'll fight this."

"It's not open to public."

"I'm not the public. I'll be your lawyer representing you, suing for
gender harassment and discrimination. You won't lose your job. I'll make
sure of that."

"TG isn't mentioned anywhere in the Captain's Review, as if I was
completely normal, no different from any other cop. I'm sure that every
point is legitimate."

"Sweetie, how do you know this?"

"I just do. Every screw-up, every complaint, was caused by my TG stuff
clouding my judgement, constricting my thoughts. And yet the Captain has
interwoven everything into one seamless, unassailable story. I'm a much
better cop than how she's portraying me."

"I know that. That's why I'll be at the meeting."

"Will you be dressing as Rachel?" I asked.

"I'm supposed to be a male cop."

"You can't constrict your identity just to please others, sweetie. You
have to accept yourself. If *you* don't, it doesn't matter if the whole
world does. You have to feel good about yourself, about who you are."

"How would you react if someone at work suddenly dressed as the opposite
sex?" Rachel asked.

"You know my answer, sweetie."

"How about you Alexander?" Rachel asked.

"Me? Construction's different."

"Why's it different?" asked Joanna.

"I don't know?" I shrugged. "You're asking my friggin' opinion. It
depends how he looks, I guess. Rachel, you look like a woman, a very
pretty woman."\
"She *is* a woman."

"OK, OK. But if, say Walter, came to work in high heels and a dress,
people would laugh and not take him seriously."

"*That* would not be a pretty sight," Joanna agreed.

"Some might even be offended," added Rachel. "Seeing a little of
themselves, worried that once inhibitions are let down, they might start
dressing like that. They're scared, so they attack first."

Rachel started laughing mischievously.

"I know that laugh, sweetie. What's going on in that Rachel mind of
yours?"

"I was thinking of wearing a bikini for my meeting with the Captain."

"Rachel! Be serious! Your job is on the line."

"I *am* serious. You've always said that I have to show the world who I
really am. So what better way, especially when I have the body?"

"Having the body is not the issue. This is your job we're talking about.
Dress as a woman, if you'd like by all means, but do it conservatively."

"Conservatively? What does that even mean? Clothes hide a lot, and you
don't have to worry about being flat-chested."

"I wouldn't exactly say you're flat-chested," Joanna noted.

"With a bikini everything has to gel: Makeup, hair, sunglasses,
earrings. You can't walk too fast or too slow but with a purpose, like
you're actually going someplace, even if you're not."

"So, everyone stares at you like you're a piece of meat?" Joanna asked.

"How's that different from my life now? People stare no matter what I
wear or what I don't wear. So why can't I wear something that I'll look
good in?"

"Sweetie, you're not making any sense!\"

"My whole life doesn't make any sense! Why criticize me for wanting to
dress like a woman? And what woman doesn't want to look good in a
bikini?"

"I'm a woman and that's never topped my list. If you were on a deserted
island, alone, naked with no clothes, how would you classify yourself?"

"Lonely," I said.

"Classify? Like some sort of specimen?"

"How would you feel?"

"What do you think?"

"*That's* what really matters. The rest is just superficial
accouterments. Sweetie, no one's more supportive of you wearing whatever
you like than me---you know that---but jewelry and makeup and clothes
don't define you."

"I express myself with clothes and makeup. It makes me feel good about
who I am. And besides if the Captain saw me in a bikini, she might
finally realize that I *am* a woman, and stop accusing me of being a man
who wants to dress as a woman."

"You can still show her who you are by dressing conservatively, while
not succumbing to the male idealization of female beauty."

"That's nonsense. I am who I am, and I should be able to wear what I
want when I want."

"Alexander," Joanna asked. "What's your opinion on all this? You've been
unusually quiet."

"Joanna's right, Rachel. You should dress conservatively, after all
these are cops we're talking about. But at the same time, I like your
in-your-face attitude. Like *Animal House* when the Dean is about to
expel them, they decide to throw a toga party."

Rachel nodded. "I'll be fired no matter what I wear or don't wear, what
I say or don't say. At least I'll feel good about myself."

Joanna annoyed and flustered, dished Rachel a plate. "You must be
hungry?"

She nodded. "Alexander can you please get me a beer."

"Rachel!"

"One beer won't kill me. Can you put it into a tall glass with lots of
ice?"

Joanna reluctantly nodded approval. I took this moment to slip on my Fu
Man Chu while grabbing a beer for myself.

Rachel burst out laughing.

"Alexander bought them; wasn't that sweet?" said Joanna, slipping hers
on.

Rachel took a long drink, laughing. Then her smile abruptly disappeared.

"What is it sweetie?" Joanna asked, glancing at me as if to say what the
fuck?

"Just when I thought my screwed-up life couldn't get any more screwed
up...I met someone. A man."

"A man? Who? When? Why didn't you say anything to me?"

"Sunday night, at the six-o-clock mass. You were asleep when I came
home."

"Why didn't you wake me?"

"I wasn't exactly sure what to say."

"This is wonderful!" Joanna held Rachel's arm, smiling.

Rachel brushed away a tear. I handed her a Kleenex. "I still love my
wife, but now I'm attracted to men. I mean really attracted."

I looked away, avoiding Rachel's eyes.

"These feelings didn't just appear overnight sweetie; they were always
there. You're finally listening to yourself. How'd it happen? How'd you
two meet?

I was afraid to look directly at Rachel, afraid that even a casual
glance might send the wrong message.

"He was sitting directly in front of me. During the Sign of Peace, he
turned around and that was that. It was totally unexpected.\"

"Alone I presume?" Joanna asked.

"Yes. He's divorced. An airline pilot...He invited me to Amsterdam
with him next month. He's really sweet. After Mass we went for sushi."

"Wow Rachel, this is serious!" said Joanna. "You hate sushi."

"He could have invited me for chopped liver and I would've gone. I don't
understand this? How could this have happened so suddenly? And how come
I never had these feelings before? I just went to Mass, alone, minding
my own business, and now I'm in love with a man whom I can't stop
thinking about."

"You're sorting things out, sweetie," Joanna said, taking Rachel's hand.
"So what happened next?"

"What do you mean?"

"Do I have to ask?"

"We kissed. That's all."

I imagined meeting someone, kissing 'her,' then finding out she was a
guy or used to be, I would have gone berserk, no matter how pretty.

"How was it, sweetie? Your first time?"

"It was wonderful, except at first, I was scared of his moustache."

"*Scared of his moustache*?" Joanna asked, half-laughing.

Rachel sipped her beer. "When I had my moustache I practically
apologized before kissing my wife because she absolutely hated it. But
this guy never even asked, assuming that I'd like it just because I'm a
woman."

"Sweetie, we gob ourselves with makeup expecting guys to kiss us."

I handed Rachel my Fu Man Choo. "Wear this if his moustache still
bothers you. The two will offset as if you're wearing nothing."

"Then he'll really think I'm screwed up. I'm fine now with it."

"When are you seeing him again, sweetie?"

"Wednesday night. He's taking to me to dinner."

"Wonderful! Sushi?"

Rachel laughed.

"I'll help you pick something to wear."

I helped myself to more flank steak and dished more for Joanna.

"Sweetie, would you wear a bikini to Sunday Night Mass?"

"No."

"Why?"

"I just wouldn't."

"Next Tuesday, you might think wearing a bikini is a good idea, but it
will backfire. Trust me. I'm a lawyer, I know these things. You can
still express who you are, just do it conservatively. You have the rest
of the life to wear bikinis, but just this once, when your job is on the
line, dress conservatively. You don't want to burn bridges, at least not
yet. You're a wonderful, lovely person: My best friend, my soulmate,
who's also a cop and a very good one." Joanna hugged Rachel. "Go to the
meeting confident as Rachel McNair. And just be yourself."

"*Just be myself?"* Rachel cried.

Joanna glanced at me with alarm. "That's the whole point sweetie---you
decide who you are. Let no one else constrict you into a
predetermined---"

"*Just be yourself?* What the hell does that even mean? Maybe 'BE
YOURSELF' I could understand, but 'JUST BE YOURSELF'? Why is 'just' even
necessary? Only a "normal" person needs reminding to JUST BE YOURSELF as
if that's the most natural thing in the world, like finding a pair of
socks to wear for the day, and as if she only had one self. So much of
this world is not for us. I can't live my life today by a simple adage,
for I might be different later today, and then tomorrow. And I don't
have pregnant expectations to compel anyone else to do something."

"What the heck does that even mean? There's no compulsion, sweetie.
You're with the two people who love you more than anything else."

"Damn friggin' right," I said.

Rachel rose and excused herself for the bathroom.

"This is so typical," Joanna said, exchanging glances with me,
practically in tears. "She's sky high one minute and then the next, rock
bottom. And often both at once. No advance warning."

I helped Joanna clear the dishes, worried, asking what can be done.

"What more can I do?" Joanna threw up her hands in exasperation, then
hurriedly set the table for dessert: Martha Stewart's basil blackberry
tarts and a glass of port; both of us hoping that Rachel would return
relaxed and positive.