## Alexander Morgan

I wasn't gone that long---twenty minutes, a half hour at most---when it
dawned on me that perhaps this was what Rachel was trying to warn me
about? But if so, why didn't she tell me directly, instead of beating
around the bush? But even if I had known, my reaction would have been
exactly the same. Did she really expect me to jump up and down for joy?
If the shoes were reversed, I couldn't imagine telling Joanna, or any
woman for that matter, that I was taking female hormones, growing my
breasts and expect her to joyously embrace me.

Almost to her house I turned back. Call it a guilty conscience, for I've
never left a woman crying. I hurried, tripping over an extended branch.
She was clumped on the ground, in the same spot; although by now, I had
assumed she would have walked, or ran, all the way to Lexington. I
helped her up. She was rain-soaked and cold. We embraced. I'm not sure
how or why, but we kissed, falling to the ground. The crumpled leaves,
the naked tree branches, shiny and oily, vibrant with moss. The heavy,
steady rain. Wrapped in each other's arms. Warm water streaming off her
forehead. The hard ground softened by the rain.

We fell asleep in each other's arms. It was dusk when we awoke. Still
together. The rain seemed to be intensifying and the thunder seemed to
be louder. I kissed her forehead. We smiled at each other, as if meeting
for the first time.

"Rachel!" Joanna exclaimed, suddenly springing up. "I'm sure she's back
by now."

We dressed and ran to the house, finding the door unlocked.

"Rachel? Rachel?" Joanna called going room to room; our concern
escalating with each non-answer.

Returning to the kitchen empty-handed, I handed Joanna her phone.

"Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god!!" Joanna screamed listening to her
messages. "Oh my God! I can't believe this!" She took my hand and raced
to the garage. Before I could ask, we were racing up the driveway in
Joanna's Lexus; she speed-dialing Rachel: "Answer the phone, Rachel!
Rachel! Answer! Damn it!"

Not even a mile away (or maybe it was longer?) Joanna pulled alongside a
heavily wooded area, calling for Rachel, running deep into the thick,
slippery mist, with me following, trying my best to keep up. She
anticipated every boulder, every fallen tree, every unexpected twist and
turn, as if she knew where to go, slipping occasionally on the
rain-soaked leaves, quickly righting herself, not stopping until we had
entered a clearing bordered by bare oak trees, their naked branches
bowing and pointing towards each other.

Joanna screamed when she found Rachel slumped against a tree, her wrists
cut, her clothes bloodied; crying hysterically, Joanna wrapped herself
around Rachel, slumping to the ground.