## Joanna Turnus

I wasn't going to mention underwear---after all it's no one's
business---but since you'll soon find out, I'll tell you now so that at
least you'll understand. I wear male boxers, except, of course, when I
have to wear a dress or a skirt for work, then I wear male briefs, which
aren't nearly as comfortable. When I get married next spring (yes, I
will wear a wedding dress---a friend of mine is designing it) I will
wear boxers. I've already informed my fianc√© and he's fine with
that---he's such a wonderful man.

I'm not blaming anyone, and I don't have an axe to grind. I'm also old
enough to make my own decisions, but like every aspect of my life this
decision was made for me, by others; more specifically, by my mother.

It was a cold December afternoon. I was nine years old. After snowing
all morning, it abruptly stopped, giving way to a clear blue sky. It was
the first snowfall of the season, and quite unexpected since the
forecast had called for rain and then freezing rain. I wanted to play in
the backyard but needed my winter clothes that were stored in the
basement, which I hated, partly because of the ubiquitous smell of
heating oil---so bitter you could taste it. (We still used an
old-fashioned oil furnace, only because my father was supporting his
friend's oil business.) And partly because of our furnace, and for good
reason: Just one month earlier, I was in the basement getting
something---I don't remember what---when I heard the furnace clicking.
Curious, I noticed that the small, circular glass window on the furnace
front was broken. I could see the dull orange flame in the center.
Suddenly, the furnace made a low hammering noise, spitting out sparks;
one brushed my leg, and another landed on the rug. I ran upstairs,
screaming, scared that it was about to explode. Of course, my father
didn't believe me, laughing that I had made the whole thing up. But I
didn't lie (I've never lied to anyone; well actually only once---I had
to, which I'll tell you in due time) and I know what I saw.

My winter clothes were thankfully shelved underneath the wooden
staircase, easily retrievable without nearing the furnace. Nevertheless,
I patiently waited until it shut off, then quietly descended, fearful
that any noise might trigger it. I was putting my snowsuit on, leaning
against a glass cabinet filled with never-used wedding dishes. I had one
leg in when I noticed my mother methodically descending the stairs
clutching a small package. Reaching the bottom, she tersely handed it to
me. It was underwear. Boys' underwear. Her cold, empty eyes were far
away in a distant past, a past which I knew nothing; a past which I'll
never know.

I shoved the underwear back into my mother's chest. I'm not sure why; I
had never before disobeyed her. Maybe because of how callously she
presented it, like presenting the head of John the Baptist to Salome;
maybe because she didn't even ask, presuming that I'd do whatever she
wanted; maybe because even for me---only nine years old---I knew
something was dreadfully wrong: Girls aren't supposed to wear boys'
underwear and their mothers aren't supposed to make them.

She stumbled backwards, steadying herself on the railing. She brushed
her short hair back, revealing streaks of grey. She glanced at me, then
opening the door to the glass cabinet, placed the underwear on a shelf
next to a stack of dusty dishes. Relieved, I assumed she had changed her
mind. Then she took a dish, blew off the dust, methodically examining
it. She raised it high as if offering a sacrifice, then let it crash to
the floor. A small piece nicked my bare leg. I winced. She removed
another dish; examined it, blowing off the dust. She held it high, then
let it crash to the ground, shattering it. Another dish. Another. And
another.

I screamed, fearing what she might do next. I took the underwear from
the shelf and slowly removed my snow pants. I tried balancing myself but
couldn't see through my watered eyes and fell. My mother closed the
cabinet door, then snatched my panty just as I had slipped it off. I
inched the underwear up my leg, shivering, crying, ashamed; wondering if
any other mother in the world made her daughter wear boys' underwear.