## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

Some letters try to exonerate, but let's face it, there's nothing you
can say to exonerate. Some letters beg forgiveness, although the letter
isn't about forgiveness. Some letters blame, as if you could pinpoint a
cause, as if you knew, as if there was only one, but the exact cause is
often unknown, the reasons diffuse. Some letters try to take control,
the first opportunity to say what you want, to even presume
consequentiality. Thoughts flow quickly and lucidly, or so you think,
but it's a false seduction. Time stands still, becomes obtuse,
tantalizing you with an inflated sense of self-worth. For both author
and reader, the letter gestates a tyranny of guilt and self-doubt,
rendering each more susceptible and determined. The letter unites and
separates, diminishes and strengthens, simplifies and complicates.

Initially, I wasn't going to read it. After all, I knew what it said. In
fact, I knew every word. Even so, I was struck by its temerity, its
self-assuredness, its self-satisfying finality, its almost-convincing
self-worth, its exoneration:

Forcing me to be a man was like asking someone to be a nuclear
engineer who knew nothing of the subject, only because society needed
one, and only to please others. No one asked me before I was born, no
one asked when I was young. Everyone assumed that just because I was
born a male, I would be happy and content, as if I had a choice.

I don't care if there's an afterlife, but if so or if I'm born again
or some stupid thing like that, then I ask God that since He screwed
me up in this life, that in the next I'm [either]{.ul} male or female
but not both and with no desire to be the other.

And for everyone who never could accept me---my very existence
disrupting your peace, your normalcy, embarrassing you, causing
discomfort and loathing, blurring your God-given distinction between
male and female---I'm glad that you are finally released from me, that
you never have to see me again, that you can go on with your lives, as
if I never existed.

I don't want any ceremony. I don't want anyone to know about me. I
don't want anyone to know that I cried or listened or sang or laughed.

Joanna and Alexander, I am sorry. That sounds so terribly stupid.
Doesn't it? But I hope one day you can forgive me and that we meet
again in a peaceful, happy place. I pray for forgiveness and
acceptance.

And please don't feel sad. I'm finally happy now. I know that.

Why did I find happiness and Rachel didn't? Why does this wonderful man
love me for who I am? Why did everyone who really mattered to
Rachel---wife, friends, family, reject her, leaving her without giving
her anything to hold onto, without a life raft, without any hope?