## Alexander Morgan

I'm sure it was the raw, abrasive finality, but initially, Joanna
thought that *she* had slit Rachel's wrists. That *she* had cut her
hair. Obviously, I was with her the whole time, save for 15 minutes or
so, and even if not, Joanna's the last person on Earth that anyone would
have suspected, never mind accused. But if you ask me, Rachel's death
was pre-ordained, like watching a chess match unfold; early moves made
later moves inevitable. Go back and change any one and Rachel would
still be alive. I know that.

The doctors insisted that Joanna spend three weeks in a psychiatric
ward---yeah, she was that bad: grief, remorse, anger, guilt, despair,
all knitted together. I visited Joanna every night after work, and by
the end of the first week, she was talking, recognizing me, happy to see
me; slowly becoming aware (and accepting) of what had happened, although
she still blamed herself. Of course, I insisted otherwise---that she did
everything possible and then more.

Sure, I could've brought food in from the market, or had it catered from
Maria's restaurant, but I decided to cook for Joanna every night,
knowing that she'd appreciate that more.

Easier said than done.

At first it was hard, and to be honest not enjoyable (like learning how
to play golf). I spent the first weekend in Joanna's kitchen teaching
myself (a crash course if there ever was one) throwing away my mistakes
yet learning from them (mostly what not to do). I began with easy shit
like barbecued pork chops and chicken, shake and bake, and sloppy joes.
Then, after some early bombs, cooking actually became enjoyable, and the
disasters fewer and farther between. Like following a set of blueprints
(so much so that there's no excuse for a bad cook, other than not
following directions, using the wrong proportions, skimping on the
ingredients or trying to show off by improvising). Of course, having
every appliance imaginable at my disposal in Joanna's kitchen, and every
friggin' cookbook ever written certainly made it easier.

My first attempt at something more innovative (and creative) was a
relative success, at least according to Joanna: grilled meatloaf with
homemade barbecue sauce, garlic mashed potatoes, and carrots (no
friggin' dessert; I haven't mastered baking yet, and probably won't for
a while). I also made mushroom soup. (I always assumed that making soup
was easy, but I found it more intricate and time-consuming since all the
ingredients must blend just right.)

Joanna loved everything, especially my homemade sauce, saying that the
smaller details are just as important, if not more so than the bigger
stuff---although I think she liked the effort more than the end
result---bragging to everyone who'd listen what a good cook her
boyfriend was, although I insisted otherwise. And no this wasn't just
false modesty: The meatloaf, although a big step for me, was a mundane
recipe meticulously followed, but in the hands of a friggin' aficionado
like Joanna, it would've been brilliant.

During dinner, I decided to buy Joanna an engagement ring. I snapped a
selfie of us, then brought it to a local jeweler, who was able to
correctly guess Joanna's ring size. (I had to sell my truck to pay for
it---but no big deal, I've already started saving for a down payment on
another, although this time I'll probably buy used.) Sure, there'll be
future tantrums, she'll swim away again (it has to be in her
blood)---perhaps on the alter we should pledge to stay away from the
water, and perhaps move to Phoenix---and yeah, there'll be fights and
arguments where we'll want to kill each other (hopefully not literally)
but I refuse to let the inevitable determine the present.

After we had finished dessert, Joanna told me of a strange and
disconcerting (her words) visit that afternoon from Rachel's mother.
Strange, because it was her first visit, and the first time that Joanna
had met her, despite countless invitations and a standing invitation for
Sunday dinner (although once she had met Rachel's father accidentally
while she and Rachel were out for breakfast). Rachel's mother refused to
accept Rachel as a woman and absolutely detested Joanna for criminally
enabling her (the mother's words). Joanna was amazed by how much Rachel
(as a woman) looked like her mother---maybe that was the real reason for
the mother's anger?

And disconcerting because this time the mother was contrite, for once
not dishing out blame. Apparently suffering from a guilty conscience,
she wanted to atone by setting the record straight; at least that's what
she said.

Joanna began explaining: "The mother had called Rachel just before we
sat down for dinner Sunday. She said that Rachel was initially giddy,
talking non-stop just like a schoolgirl about some stupid earrings that
she had bought."

"*Why* did she call?"

"I don't know. She didn't say and I didn't ask."

Joanna, quite emotional, then repeated the conversation verbatim:

"I met someone," Rachel said, excitedly.

"Really? That's great! She'll be just what you need. Maybe she'll snap
you out of---\"

"I met a man."

Silence.

"I'd like to bring him home to meet---"

"A man?" the mother screamed. "What do you mean you met a man? And bring
him home---Do you think *that* would make me happy?"

"You've been in denial for a long time about---"

"I'm in denial? What about my needs? I raised a son and did a damn good
job at it*."*

"Denial doesn't change who I am."

"If you want to dress like a woman and live the gay lifestyle, wait
until after I'm gone. It would kill me to see you in a dress, or worse,
with another man. Is that what you really want?"

"Is Dad there?"

"You think he wants to speak with you? He's even more heartbroken than
me. You've

aged us beyond our years. You can call yourself Rachel or whoever the
hell you want, but that will never change who you are. I want my son
back." The mother sobbing clicked the phone.

Joanna was surprised at the mother's honesty, not glossing over any
detail no matter how brutal. But it was too little and too late. "The
effect's the same. Perhaps worse," was all Joanna could say.

"I think you're too hard on her. If I were her and my son was growing
boobs and began to look like me, I'd be shocked surprised and angry."\
Joanna had that same look on her face as that afternoon on the Lake,
just before she strapped on her swimsuit and jumped into the water,
except that this time, thankfully, she couldn't go anywhere. "If the
mother had taken the time to find out who she really was instead of who
she wanted her to be, she wouldn't have been so surprised."

I decided to officially propose the last night of Joanna's hospital
stay. Sure, I could've proposed at the Old Post Inn, Faneuil Hall, or
even Carson Beach, but I wanted to make a statement and what better
place to make a friggin' statement than a high 'suicide-watch',
psychiatric ward. That night I had made Joanna's Cuban pot roast, along
with her Mojo (the week before I did a trial run for my mother and
sisters and they raved about it) but it was several steps below
Joanna's, we both knew that---although she insisted otherwise.

When we finished dinner, I presented her with an over-sized box, wrapped
in Christmas paper.

"Why'd you even bother wrapping it?" she asked, laughing at my not
exactly stellar performance. She shook the box. "Ahha! I know what it
is!"

"How could you possibly know by just shaking it?"

"Because if the shoes were reversed and I was giving you what I think
you're giving me, I'd wrap it exactly the same, then tape it to the
inside of an oversized box, so you'd think it was something else. But
once I put it on, Alexander Morgan, I will never, ever take it off. But
first, I must tell you something."

*What now?* *She wants a sex change? She fell in love with another
woman? She wants me to become a woman?*

Joanna laughed, noticing my alarm. "No worries. Actually, it's mostly
good news with a tad of bad news. First, the bad news, although after
hearing, you might reconsider giving me what's in the box?"

"Then, give me the good news first."

"I prefer bad news first; get it over with. Alexander, I've never lied
to anyone, but I did lie to you---once. I had to."

"Is this the good news or the bad news?"

"The bad news, although it's really not that bad. Yes, I lied to you,
but I promise that I will never, *ever* lie again." She took my hand.
"Do you remember what I said about my father's will?"

"That you disinherited yourself or something?"

"I lied."

"Huh?"

"When I'd first met you, I had feelings that I hadn't had in a long
time, despite not expecting anything; I mean after all the stuff Walter
had said."

"What stuff?"

"It doesn't matter."

"You can't say that and then not talk about it."

"None of it's true, and I refuse to sanction his lies. Obviously, he
doesn't know you. So many guys chase after my money---my father's
money---like *I* don't even exist.

"Is that what you lied about?"

"I resigned as General's attorney. I quit the company---I would have a
long time ago if it wasn't for my grandfather. My father can keep
General and do whatever he wants, as long as he doesn't touch the will.
That means there's no conflict of interest when you run for AFL-CIO
president. I'll get an annual stipend, twice my salary."

"You never talked about this---at least with me? So how could you have
lied about it?"

"Alexander, I didn't cut myself off from my father's will: That's what
I lied about."

"What? I don't understand?"

"There's nothing to understand. I might be an honest friggin'
bastard---but not a stupid

one."

"I don't get it.

"I will explain, but first, why'd you come back that Sunday afternoon?"
she asked, with flirting big brown eyes. "In the rain, in the woods?"

"The house was locked."

Joanna laughed, unwrapping the box and immediately slipped on the ring.
"This is absolutely beautiful!! And it fits perfectly! How'd you know my
ring size?"

"I'm good at guessing."

"Like I said, Alexander, once I put it on, I'll never take it off."

I apologized that the ring wasn't as big as I had wanted, that it was
all I could afford, that I had been saving, and hopefully I'll (soon) be
able to upgrade. (I didn't tell about selling my truck, although I guess
I will have to eventually.)

"I absolutely love it. It's perfect Alexander, just as it is. And please
don't ever upgrade." She stretched her long, graceful fingers in
admiration. "Alexander, I didn't disinherit myself. Everything's in a
trust fund accessible in five years, just when you're elected AFL-CIO
president. I'm sorry I lied to you---my first and last time---but I
needed to be sure that you're interested in me for who I am, warts and
all."

"You do have a lot of warts."

"You're about to marry a very rich broad Alexander; can you handle
that?"

"Even if you were the poorest woman on Earth, I'd still marry you."

"Yes, I know that. Woman, though, right? You did say woman?"

"As a matter of fact, yes."

"Good. Now about *our* wedding date.\"

"Just out of curiosity---what do you anticipate wearing to our wedding?"

"This neat tuxedo with subtle grey pinstripes," she giggled. "With a
long, classy tail. Do you think I should wear a top hat? I'll take it
off during mass." She knelt down beside me. "Please!"

I frowned.

"Just kidding." She kissed me. "What would you like me to wear,
Alexander Morgan?"

"I was thinking a dress. A wedding dress? White? Traditional?"

"Traditional? Me?"

"It *is* our wedding."

"OK, OK. And for the rehearsal dinner I have this beautiful, high-cut,
black lacey dress---prim and proper."

And the bridesmaids? *They* will be bridesmaids?"

"Of course, I wouldn't have it any other way."

"Joanna, I'd like my mother to be my best man."

"You can't. First of all, this is a traditional wedding, and the
groom---that's you---has a best *man*; that's what best *man* means: a
man. And besides, I already asked your mother to be *my* maid of honor."

"What? You barely know her? And how'd you know I was going to propose?"

"I'm good at guessing...I do have one small favor?"

I frowned. "You want me to wear a wedding dress?"

"If that's what you want, Alexander Morgan." She giggled. "But would it
be white?"

"I'm going with a tuxedo. And *you* can't technically wear a white
dress?"\
"I've only had sex with my husband, so I can wear whatever color I
want; and besides,

that's an old wives' tale."

"So what's your favor?"

"Alexander, can we have the wedding as soon as possible?"

"Why?"

She smiled, kissing me. "Why do you think?"