# Introduction {-}

## Joanna Turnus {-}
\titlemark\markleft{Introduction}

I could have confessed to Alexander in the North End, Faneuil Hall, the
Seaport District, or even Carson Beach, despite the cool, chilly night;
but I chose the Old Post Inn, my grandfather's favorite, where he and I
went once a week; our dinners lasting three or four hours, always
talking, usually about me, about my struggles, my gender confusion, the
latest boys of interest.

Of course my meeting ran late. I texted Alexander several times, but he
wasn't answering. Perhaps he was stuck in traffic or forgot about our
dinner or had a premonition about my confession and decided to skip out
altogether? (And who would blame him if he did?)

I asked the maître d' to look for someone 6'3"; strong, adorable, with
sparkling green eyes; a deep tan that would linger well into the winter,
and soft, playful brown hair that most women would consider a tad too
long, combed straight back, pillowed against his ears, loose strands
sometimes taking a life of their own. She immediately replied that
Alexander was indeed at the bar, nursing a beer. She complimented my
choice in men, which would have thrilled any woman, but knowing how
things were and how things might pan out, only increased my despair.

The Inn was just outside Boston, on the Old Post Road, which in colonial
times connected Boston and New York. Inside, its cozy, oak-paneled walls
were interspersed with tall, stained-glass windows, beautifully etched
with colonial travelers: some tired and weary, some smiling, boastful of
their travels; most too poor to stop, too embarrassed to glance inside;
some sad, as if traveling to a funeral; others exuberant, anxious to
celebrate a birthday, an anniversary, the birth of a child.

Alexander was stunning in a black, faintly pinstriped suit that showed
off his broad, muscular shoulders. His beautiful green eyes sparkled as
he handed me a dozen roses, hinting a smile at my lacy black dress, my
shiny red nails, my diamond stud earrings. He wrapped his arm around me;
my head softly on his shoulder---kissing my forehead, whispering that I
looked absolutely beautiful.

I wanted this moment to last forever.

As the maître d\' escorted us to our booth (the same booth that my
grandfather and I sat in for our weekly dinners), complimenting how nice
we looked together, I remembered my psychiatrist warning that people
like me (his words) should never expect to get married or even have a
long-term relationship with someone from the opposite sex, that we
should look for happiness elsewhere.

I brushed away a tear, fearful that he was right.

I ordered champagne, wondering if any of the colonial travelers etched
in glass were pretending to be someone else to please others, unsure and
confused about their gender. But despite a little sadness and
apprehension, I saw no doubt, despair, or ambiguity.

The waitress uncorked the champagne bottle, presenting it to Alexander.
I watched her meticulously fill each glass, jealous of her confident
femininity, jealous that every morning she'd choose something to wear,
do her makeup, her hair, never thinking twice about being a woman; no
questions asked.

For an appetizer, I ordered clams and linguine (my favorite dish as a
little girl), even though it wasn't on the menu; while Alexander ordered
the grilled beef medallions peppered with Gonzaga cheese. I also
suggested the mushroom soup, the best around.

Alexander agreed, asking our waitress to bring it with the appetizers.
He smiled at me, raising his glass. "To a nice dinner!"

We clinked glasses, small-talking about a predicted early frost, the Red
Sox missing the playoffs, the upcoming Patriots game against the Jets.
As Alexander talked about his work, and I mine, I sipped my champagne,
imagining us walking in the rain, on the beach, my head softly on his
shoulder.

The waitress delivered our appetizers.

Alexander sliced his bite-size medallions into even smaller bite-size
medallions, praising the soup as the best he's ever had. I straightened
my silverware, wondering his reaction to what I was about to say,
wondering how quickly he would leave, wondering if I'd ever meet someone
like him again.

I brushed away a tear, innocently feigning something in my eye.

"You OK?" Alexander asked.

I said I had to pee. Yes, I was nervous and yes, the champagne had made
me lightheaded, but I really had to pee. Feeling nauseous, like I was
pregnant---how could I be?--- I excused myself. I rushed to the
restroom, opened the stall and sat down. Alexander and I seemed to be
getting back on track and if I confessed, I'd never see him again. But
then again, why should I define myself by someone else, and who I'm
with?

At the sink I let the water run cold, dabbing my forehead with a cool
paper towel, surprised at how pretty and feminine I looked, surprised at
how confident I appeared.

"This is the men's room," interrupted a stern masculine voice.

I lightly screamed, turning to find a young man, kind of cute, his
baritone voice not
matching his youthful appearance, silently inspecting every inch of my
body, silently inquiring why I was in the men's room.

"This is the men's room? Oh my God! How embarrassing." I turned off the
water, snatched a paper towel and dried my hands. "I'm so sorry. I felt
nauseous and rushed in, not even looking."

The young man smiled at my feminine voice, relieved that I was a woman
(at least superficially). But despite my breasts, my body curves, my
lacy black dress, my pretty legs; despite my lip gloss, mascara, and
shiny red nails, I'm sure he knew that something was dreadfully wrong.

"No problem," he said. "Can I get you something? An aspirin?"  

Admiring his self-possession, I apologized and shuffled back to
Alexander, back to the same booth where my grandfather and I ate dinner
once a week; feeling like an escaped convict after years on the run,
finally caught and forced to confess. For those of us, who as Ovid said,
'Hover between the sexes,' we live our lives fearing that we'll be found
out---before we're ready to confess---no matter how hard we cover up
---not that we deceive or lie, but it's just too visceral---too
overwhelming to confess all at once.

"You OK?" Alexander asked as I nestled into the booth.

"I guess I'm not used to the champagne." I dabbed my eyes with a napkin,
imagining us walking in the rain, holding hands, my head softly on his
shoulder. But a jarring inner voice warned that I must confess; a
threatening, ominous, persistent voice warning that I couldn't keep
putting this off. Indeed, I couldn't live this lie any longer.
"Alexander, there's something I have to say."

The waitress asked for our order.

"We'll have the roasted spit for two," I blurted, without realizing that
I could never eat all that boar, steak, venison, and sausage. "I'm
sorry, Alexander, I should have asked you."

"That sounds perfect. I was just looking at that."

I pushed my barely eaten clams and linguini aside, wishing someone else
would say what I had to say, wishing I could fast-forward to the end of
my confession already said without hearing a word. I took a sip of
champagne, imagining us walking in the rain, my head softly on his
shoulder. "Alexander...I have a female *and* a male identity." I
carefully avoided his contorted look of unsure superiority that
something was wrong, that something was amiss.\" Perhaps in an ideal
world I could be both, affirming each, accepted by my husband for who I
am. But that's not the world I live in." I was relieved to have finally
mentioned 'it,' relieved that I had finally broached the subject with a
'normal' person; surprised at how easy the words formed. "It took me a
long time to realize...and an even longer time to accept it...I didn't
choose this---nobody in their right mind would."

"I don't understand. Separate identities? Female *and* male? What are
you saying?"

"I'm glad you don't understand, Alexander. I'm glad that you never awoke
in the middle of the night unsure and confused, never witnessed your
friends commit suicide because they couldn't pretend to be someone else,
never struggled to stay alive while your *own* family disparaged you and
your so-called friends disowned you."

For a split second I thought I saw a modicum of understanding.

"Why didn't you say something when we first met?"

"I'm telling you now."

"So does this mean you dress as a man?"

"Sometimes."

"In public?"

"Yes."

"What exactly do you wear?"

Couples around us were smiling, talking, eating, celebrating. I felt
like I was going to throw up. I slouched forward, fidgeting my knife; my
voice subdued. "Everything... jackets, jeans... underwear... even a
Fu Manchu."

"A Fu Manchu? Why?"

I shrugged.

"And *underwear* you said? Men's underwear?"

"Yes."

"Why?"

"I just do."

The waitress rearranged our glasses and utensils, making room for the
roasted spit of boar, steak, venison, and sausage. I wanted to finish my
confession and leave, for I realized that confessing was tiring and
debilitating. "I've spent a lifetime trying to understand who I am and
why I was born like this. I've spent a lifetime blaming others. I've
spent a lifetime trying to survive. I'm transgender, Alexander.
There---I said it. Now you can leave and find someone else, someone
halfway normal." I dabbed at my plate, not sure if I was eating sausage,
venison, steak, or boar.

"My world's black and white," Alexander said. "Male *and* female. I'm
hard-wired to like a certain type of woman."

"I'm also hardwired, Alexander. Something I can't help, something I've
no choice, something I have to accept and live with." I rose to leave,
my eyes watering, avoiding his look of complacent contempt. "I hope you
find someone normal, someone safe and secure, someone you can listen to,
someone you can share your life with---you deserve that.

I bid Alexander good-bye, softly kissing his forehead, and hurriedly
left.

I remembered my grandfather comforting me during our first dinner at the
Old Post Inn, that someday I'd meet someone who will love me for who I
am. Yeah right. I'm sure that stuff happens. Somewhere. Perhaps in the
movies. I stopped at the register informing the maître d' that it wasn't
the food, the service or the ambience, but that I had been feeling
nauseous all day (anticipating my confession) and perhaps shouldn't have
come for dinner. The maître d' offered to call a cab. I paid the bill,
leaving a generous tip for the waitress, promising to return soon,
thanking him, saying my car was in the parking lot. As I bid the maître
d' goodnight, I noticed Alexander rising, straightening his jacket,
brushing his hair back; the waitress talking, as if reprimanding,
handing him the dozen roses, the stems wrapped in foil.

Outside in the chilly evening air, I hurriedly passed a young couple
entering the Old Post Inn, exuberant, anxious to celebrate a birthday,
an anniversary, the birth of a child; her head softly on his shoulder,
his arm wrapped around her, whispering how beautiful she was.

