## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

I jabbed the welder's shoulder, reminding him that it was almost
lunchtime.

"It's only ten to," he said, waving me away.

He was done, clear as day, just pissing around the edges. I waited five
more minutes, then tapped his shoulder goodbye. If he wanted to be a
prick and work until precisely noon, then he'll have to find another
spark watcher or slip off his mask and watch for sparks himself.

"I need you to get a compactor from the shop, you lazy son-of-a-bitch,"
Phil demanded as I was scampering down the ladder.

"In the middle of the day?"

I stood face-to-face, or more accurately, face-to-chest with him.
Another reason why that bastard hates me, like it's my fault that I'm
six-foot-three, like there's anything anyone can do about it. Some
things in life you can't change, so just accept your God-given body and
live with it. But even if Phil was my height, he'd still be a prick.

"Let me get this straight," I said, my anger escalating. "You want me to
go to the shop, get a compactor, then drive all the way back? Why didn't
you say something at the shop this morning? There's three of them there;
I could've brought them *all* with me. It don't make sense to waste the
whole afternoon stuck in traffic---what about the compactor in the
trailer?"

"It's on another job." Phil's neck veins pulsated; the left side of his
face was sunburned, like he had fallen asleep at the beach. "Ain't the
word 'yes' even in your fuckin' vocabulary?" A tidal wave of hatred
roiled his flat nose into his black pindrop eyes.

"Because you're asking me to do something totally ridiculous!" *I almost
added 'as usual' but held back.* "So what do I say if I run into Zachary
at the shop?"

"He knows."

"You talked to him?"

"I left a message. You'll be back by 2.30. Compact for an hour. That's
more work than you've done all day."

"Why not rent one instead of paying me to run all over town? Fifteen
minutes to the
rental center and fifteen minutes back. I'll be back by 1.00."

Phil tilted his head to the left and his neck veins stopped pulsing, so
at least I knew the bastard was thinking. He can't simultaneously think
*and* talk. "They're all out."

"You called?"

"I just *said* they're all out."

"Fine." I waved my hands in disgust and headed to the front of the bank.
"You want me to drive all over town, I'll drive all over town."

"Where you going?" demanded Phil, as I headed toward the front of the
bank, hoping to grab lunch. "Your truck's in the opposite direction!"

"My contract allows thirty minutes for lunch."

"Your contract also allows you to be fired. Get going! You need to be
back in less than two hours to make up for the time you'll be stuck in
traffic---and don't forget to tie it down."

"Tie it down? It's a fuckin' compactor, not a leaf blower."
\

Just as I thought, that prick: Rental Resources had three available
compactors. Either he's too stupid to assume I'd check, or he assumes
that I'm too stupid to question his own stupidity. But I didn't care how
much he ranted: if I ran into Zachary at the shop or anyone else for
that matter, I'd be immediately fired, no questions asked, and
deservedly so.

I reserved a compactor for 1:06, then drove west out of the city along
the river, surprised at the low water level revealing huge boulders
where before there was nothing but water. But with no rain since August,
we're lucky there's still a friggin' river.

"Can't wait to see you!" Lisa texted me.

If I answered immediately, she would've assumed that I was thinking of
her all morning, but if I didn't answer, she'd keep bugging the shit out
of me.

Exactly fifteen minutes later I passed Rental Resources. Perfect. I
continued west following the narrowing, twisting, turning river. Maple
trees with reddened leaves dotted the riverbank. As the river took a
sharp bend to the south, I came across a windowless, red-stuccoed
restaurant right on the river's edge.

I snagged the last spot in the gravel parking lot, half-parking on the
grass, surprised that a windowless restaurant on the river's edge would
be so busy.

Above the restaurant's front door hung a huge wooden sign: *The Edge*.
Really? They get a friggin' A for originality.

Another text from Lisa: "Can't wait to see you!"

I knew what she wanted, and she knew that I knew what she wanted but
then again, I never said yes; I only didn't say no, which ain\'t the
same thing as saying yes.

I opened the door to *The Edge,* texting Lisa, "Working, talk later."

"Do you have a reservation?" inquired the hostess. She wore a dark blue
shirt with a black tie.

"No. I don't."

"Then you'll have to sit at the bar."

"Fine." I took the last spot at the long mahogany bar, next to a young
woman and man, both around my age---about thirty or so, sharing a
heaping dish of pulled pork and sweet potato fries.

Two more texts from Lisa. I shut my phone off.

"Can I get you something?" the bartender asked, pointing behind him to
an impressive array of tap beers. Nineteen, I counted: not bad for a
windowless restaurant on the river's edge. Tempting, but Zachary has
zero tolerance for drinking on the job and just my luck he'd find out.
It's amazing how some people think they're irreplaceable. Like Brett,
who used to work with us, that is, until this one Saturday when he had
already made fishing plans, and then was told to work the weekend along
with the rest of us bastards. But instead of morning coffee, he and
another laborer opted for a local bar's two beers and a shot special.
Guess who was walking by just as they were walking out? Nothing they
could've done or said to save their asses.

"We just tapped the Oktoberfest yesterday," the bartender said, like
there was any friggin' way of changing my mind.

I asked for a Diet Pepsi, no ice.

"House special," said the woman next to me, pointing to her plate.
"Pulled pork and sweet potato fries."

*Yeah, no shit*.

Her long blond hair was streaked black. Either she originally had blond
hair, then dyed it black, or had black hair then dyed it blond. But her
eyebrows were black, so I assumed that was her original color. But if
she took all that trouble, why not dye her eyebrows? Maybe she was
blonde and dyed her hair black to convince everyone that it was
originally blond? Or maybe her original hair was brown, and she just
wanted to confuse the hell out of everyone?

"They give you way too much," she said, pushing the plate to the dude.
She had a nose ring and her left eyebrow was pierced. She wore a
loose-fitting tank-top, white with blue horizontal stripes. The dude's
head was shaved, his muscular arms tattooed with fighting serpents, and
his black T-shirt shirt was a half-size too small.

The bartender delivered my Diet Pepsi. I drained it; glancing at the tap
beers, before ordering another Diet Pepsi and the house special.

"Ask for corn bread," the woman suggested; "it's delicious. They add
maple syrup and jalapenos making it really sweet and really hot."

 "It's addicting," agreed the dude.

I ordered the cornbread.

"You work for the DFG?" the dude asked. He had three small hoops in his
left ear.

"No," I snickered. "Why do you ask?"

"Upriver they're setting brush fires and you smell of smoke, so I
assumed you're DFG."

I had forgotten the fire, and the dude was right: I smelled of smoke.

"Good wages and benefits," said the woman. "We can't get near them."

I looked at her, not sure what the hell she was talking about.

"The DFG," she explained.

The dude looked at her and she at him, then both at me. They whispered
to each other extending their hands: "I'm Lily... And I'm Brian. We're
organizers from the Teamsters."

We shook hands.

"Here for a month," Lily said. "Organizing cops."

"Cops? Really?"

"Why so surprised?" Brain asked.

"Cops are pretty conservative, at least the ones I know, and you
don't---"

"Look conservative?"

"Organizing is about relationships," Lily said, "building trust and
commitment."

"And trust is about honesty," added Brian. "Wearing a suit and tie
wouldn't be honest, and people appreciate honesty more than anything
else."

"Our message really resonates with cops," Lily said. "So, what do you
do, Alexander?"

"Let me guess," Brian immediately answered. "President of the Young
Republicans. Lives in Wellesley. Went to a private high school. Dating
your high school girlfriend, also a Republican. Some friction between
you two: she feels better qualified to be President and you know she's
right, so you compensate by going to the gym."

"I live in Roslindale," I snorted. "I went to Roslindale High and I'm
not dating anyone right now."

"So, I guess first impressions matter," Brian said with a smirk.

The bartender delivered my corn bread. I buttered all sides, crumbling
the bread.

"You like a lot of butter?" Lily asked.

I grunted.

"So what do you do, Alexander?" Lily asked.

"I'm a laborer at General Construction."

"General?" They both said, glancing at each other.

"You've heard of it?"

"Ahh, yes." Lily answered in a sing-song voice.

Maybe they're Zachary's spies? But how could he have possibly known that
I was here? Or maybe they're spying for Phil? But that moron wouldn't
know a spy if he tripped over one.

The bartender delivered my lunch. I took a bite of pulled pork,
explaining with my mouth half-full that we're headquartered in the
Seaport district, with our shop in Milton.

"Seaport district?" Brian said, more of a statement than a question,
glancing at Lily. "Must be doing well."

Lily dabbed away a smudge of ketchup on Brian's upper lip, then turning
to me, said, "General's family held, right?"

"Yes. Zachary, the son, took over after his father unexpectedly passed
away."

"I heard he's a prick," Brian said.

I had taken a bigger bite of pulled pork than expected, apologetically
pointing to my full mouth. "Haven't met the bastard," I finally said.

"Really? The guy signs your paycheck, and you haven't met him?" Brian
asked.

I swirled a sweet potato fry in ketchup.

"One reason I'm running for local union president... I think I have a
good shot." I'm not sure why I said that; it just came out.

"So, no one's running against you?" Brian started to laugh but stopped
when he noticed Lily wasn't.

"How do you know so much about General?" I asked.

Lily turned to me, leaning on her elbow. "It's no state secret:
General's at the top of our list."

"General? We're non-union. We've always been."

"Why you think it's at the top of our list?" Brian asked. "The largest
construction company in New England and still non-union?"

"We've received some complaints about management," added Lily.

"From us?" I finished my cornbread, swishing my knife in the still-warm
butter.

"You're running for local president and you didn't know that?" Brian
asked.

I shoved my plate away.

 "Hey, ease up," Lily reprimanded Brian, apologetically rolling her
 eyes at me.

 "Looks like we will be paying General a visit," Brian said. "Soon."

"Don't mention my name," I said.

"Just what like I," Brian mocked; "A man of conviction."

If Lily wasn't sitting between us, I would've smacked that arrogant
cocksucker. I'm sure that's why the Teamsters sent her along: to prevent
his ass from being kicked whenever he opened his mouth.

Brain looked at his watch, rising with Lily. "We don't want to be late."

Lily handed me her business card. "You have a number we can reach you?"

I scribbled my number on a napkin and handed it to her. Not sure why, I
just did.

"You'll need a business card if you're running for office," Lily said.

"Yeah right."

"We'll be in touch." Lily smiled; a smile that lingered long after she
left.
