## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

One day in sixth grade science class we learned about sedimentary,
igneous, and metamorphic rocks. Due to the Earth's inner heat and
pressure, my teacher explained, sedimentary or igneous rocks could,
under the right conditions, metamorphize into something else. While my
friends dutifully took notes, feigning interest, I realized that the
same thing was happening to me, that I was metamorphosing into something
else, that my body was changing against my will. But was I a girl
changing into a boy, or a boy changing into a girl? Or into both at
once? Or into something completely different?

Later that afternoon at the school library, I looked up everything about
metamorphosis, eventually stumbling upon Ovid's *Metamorphoses.* The
librarian recommended something else, claiming that a sixth-grade girl
would never understand it. But I insisted, asking why the book was even
at the library if a sixth-grade girl could not understand it.

It was one of many books that I would read, not to escape (as my father
callously insisted) but because I was terribly alone when I wasn't
reading, terribly alone at school, in my house, in my room, terribly
confused about who I was, about who I was becoming, about who I was
supposed to be, terribly confused about why this was happening to me and
no one else.

In Ovid's day, the gods monitored your every move and if you stepped out
of line---whammo, you were changed into a bird or a tree, but they also
listened and answered your prayers. Of course I took Ovid literally:
that gods actually cared, that they heard your anguish, your cries, your
pleas, and intervened; but as I got older, I realized that we make our
own gods, that they are within us, that only *we* have the power to
change. But this understanding came later, after several suicide
attempts, and well---I'm getting ahead of my story.

I especially identified with Ovid's Iphis, a thirteen-year-old girl
living as a boy; in fact, I had read this story so many times that I
thought I was Iphis.

When Ligdus (the soon-to-be father of Iphis) had learned that his wife
was pregnant, he prayed for a male child, warning his wife that if the
child was born a girl, she must be put to death---as if the mother could
control her child's gender (although I'm sure he assumed his wife would
somehow heed his warning). The infant, still in the womb, hearing this
crap, became screwed up before she was born. I know. The same had
happened to me.

A goddess instructed Telethusa (the mother) that if the child was born a
girl, she must deceive her husband and raise her as a boy. Of course,
Iphis was born a girl and of course to appease the father, she was
raised a boy. Then at thirteen, the father arranged a marriage for Iphis
to the most beautiful girl. Of course.

Iphis lamented, "How I wish I had never been born."

*How many times have I cried the same words?*

Of course, the deceit couldn't continue and of course mother and
daughter wouldn't challenge the father's wishes and of course the
beautiful girl had no knowledge that the boy she was marrying was
actually a girl. After interminable postponements, mother and daughter
begged the goddess to intervene. She finally obliged, changing Iphis
into a boy, making everyone happy. Of course.

But didn't Ovid send the wrong message? That a child is only
instrumental to her parents' wishes? Wouldn't it have been better for
Iphis, if the father, learning that the child was actually a girl,
immediately put her to death as promised? Isn't physical death
preferable to mental and psychological anguish? If quality of life is
measured by one's cumulative happiness or misery, perhaps the child
should have been put to death? And if the gods really were gods, why
didn't they castrate the father, before he could do any damage?

Like Iphis, I begged to be changed into a boy. So many nights I cried
myself to sleep, hoping that when I awoke, I would be a boy, but the
gods didn't listen, even though my cries were just as real and just as
visceral as those of Iphis.

Perhaps one book that I shouldn't have read, especially in the seventh
grade when I first began having suicidal thoughts, was *The Sorrows of
Young Werther,* a story about this guy who becomes distraught over not
winning the beautiful girl (Lott), and methodically plans his
suicide---a conscious and deliberate act no different than planning a
wedding.

I hated Lott's arrogant self-confidence, clamoring for an author who
"shows me my own world, conditions such as I live in myself with a story
that can engage my interest and heart as much as my own domestic life
does, which is certainly no paradise but is still on the whole a source
of inexpressible happiness."

Inexpressible happiness? With guys fighting over her? Are you kidding?

But I also envied Lott wanting "to sit in some corner on a Sunday and
share with my whole heart in Miss Jenny's happiness and sorrows." And
then to be entertained by another fictional character informing her
life's banality so that she can smile and feel satisfied, smugly
congratulating herself and her boyfriend that she understands the world.

How would have Lott treated me if we had met? I pictured her in her
kitchen with her boyfriend cursing me for challenging God's will, for
disturbing her peacefully banal Sunday afternoon, for not accepting my
God-given gender like everyone else. I felt her wrath, her ruthlessness,
all in the name of God.
