## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

I dillydallied back to the bank, stopping along the river, checking my
watch, determined to return exactly at two-thirty: thirty minutes ahead
of schedule, but deliberately missing afternoon coffee so I wouldn't
have to explain where the hell I was and where the hell I was supposed
to have gone.

I parked my truck in my usual spot next to the dumpster behind the two
trailers, unhitched my tailgate, laid two planks diagonally to the
ground and dragged the hundred-pound compactor down---you have to, since
if you start the sucker on a decline, it might unexpectedly swerve,
taking you with it.

"Back so early?" Phil barked, racing from his trailer.

I was halfway down the planks and couldn't have stopped even if I
wanted. On the ground, I tossed the planks into my flatbed and slammed
the tailgate.

"There ain't no way in hell you could've gone to the shop and back,"
Phil said, gagging me with his stale breath.
\

I summoned all my strength not to smack him, but one day I will, and
everyone will thank me. "Christ all-mighty: You asked me to get a
compactor; I did. You asked me to bring it back this fuckin' afternoon;
I did. You asked me to return by two-fucking-thirty and it's exactly
two-fucking-thirty. So why are you so fuckin' pissed?"

He stepped back and in a slightly calmer voice told me to start
compacting on the far side of the bank, where they had just removed two
tall, graceful oak trees---a peaceful buffer between the bank and the
lone house in this commercial zone. Yeah, I know Massachusetts zoning
laws are crazy, but I never understood why this all-wood house was ever
built: a sore thumb in a neighborhood of blood-red, brick commercial
buildings.

"They were just here yesterday?"

"Christ if you spent some time actually working, you'd know what was
going on."

"Just yesterday you said them two trees were staying, so what happened
between today and yesterday?"

"The bank wants to add a side driveway from the street to the alley."

"What about the friggin' house?"

"The bank's suing the residents to leave."

Before I could ask about the state-of-the-art tree fort that I had built
for Alex, the eight-year-old kid living in the house with his brothers,
mother, and a shit-load of relatives---and yeah his name is Alex; he
couldn't believe that someone as important as me---his words---had the
same name, although everyone else, even his mother calls him
A-hole---with asphalt shingles, carpeting, toilet seat, and even an
Anderson window, Phil had retreated inside to the bank.

The one-hundred-pound compactor looks like a lawn mower, and once
started, its weight does the work, so you only have to push and turn the
sucker. Compacting is the only job where you can go around in circles,
yet everyone thinks you're working. I could compact all afternoon, and
no one would give a shit, although you do have to pay attention. Like
this one time I sank the compactor in a foot of muck and needed the
backhoe to extricate it; another time I hit a boulder and it ricocheted
off my foot, knocking me backwards.

Alex suddenly raced out of his house clutching a backpack. His rolled-up
sleeve revealed an American flag tattoo, with two cobra snakes
intertwined into a mast.

I shut the compactor off. "Is that a tattoo?"

"Yep."

"A wash-off, right?"

"Nope."

"You got a real tattoo? Why?"

He took out a small scooper from his backpack and started digging.

"You can use one of our shovels," I said. "I'm sure Phil won't mind."

"Why'd you let them cut down the fort?"

"I had nothing to do with it. So, is that why you got a tattoo?"

He continued digging.

"If God wanted you tattooed," I said, "you would've been born with one."

"If God *didn't* want me to have no tattoos, he wouldn't have invented
tattoo parlors."

*Wise-ass.*

"So why didn't you get a fake one?" I asked.

Alex dumped a small plastic bag filled with seeds into the hole. "Fakes
run. Everyone knows that." He uncapped a water bottle from his backpack,
drenching the seeds with a brown, syrupy liquid.

"What's that?"

"It'll make the tree grow a million miles tall."

"Hmmmm. Not with these zoning laws. Maybe a hundred thousand miles, but
certainly not a million."

"Huh?"

"They'll be hot-topping later this week."

Alex dug deeper, furiously covering the seeds with dirt. His mother
raced out of the house yelling at him in Spanish and then at me, shaking
her fist. He retrieved his scooper and scurried home. His mother slammed
the door behind him.

*Why would anyone want to tattoo themselves? And why would his mother
allow it?*

"Loafing again?" Phil yelled. "Just once I'd like to see you actually
working."

*And just once I'd like to see you actually supervising.* "I'm getting
a prick and shovel
from the trailer," I said, grinning at my accidental slip-up.

"So staring at the sky will get the job done? And if I see you once more
praying to fuckin' Buddha---." Phil scurried like a weasel back to the
bank. But he'll be back; you can count on it.

Back compacting, someone jerked my shoulder from behind. Expecting Phil,
pissed that I was going too slow or too fast, or too much in a circle or
not enough in a straight line, I was surprised to see Paul, who never
leaves his job, except for coffee and lunch---although maybe he should:
it might give him an idea how slow he really is.

"No need to be compacting with all them heavy trucks," Paul said, "just
a waste of time."

"The trucks can't get close to the foundation, you dipshit; that's where
it's most needed."

"Walter wants to see you."

"He knows where I am."

"Now he said."

"Why?"

"How the hell do I know?"

I shut the compactor off and headed toward the front of the bank,
wondering why Walter wanted to see me half an hour before quitting time
and why it couldn't wait until four o'clock.

"You really went back to the shop?" Walter half-smiled when he saw me.
"I would've rented a compactor from Rental Resources and signed Paul's
name."

*OK, so how did he find out so quickly?*

"Relax kid, your secret's safe with me. But next time stand up to Phil;
he thinks he can walk right over you." Walter took my arm, clearing his
throat. I instinctively stepped back, not wanting a long-winded speech,
especially with only half an hour left until quitting time. "Phil's
first week here, I was layin' bricks for this here back wall. I stopped
to wipe my brow just for a second, and he's in my face barkin' that I
was slower than whale shit."

*"Whale shit?"*

"I climbed down from the stagin', sayin' if you've a problem with how I
lay bricks, let's go straight to Zachary's office.' He stood there stone
silent. I picked up my tools and he ain't said boo to me since." Walter
handed me his trowel and scraper. "Clean them off and wash them tubs out
good; I don't want cement stuck in 'em in the mornin'. And throw one of
'em in my truck. I'm workin' on my patio tonight---want to help, kid?
You're always needin' cash."

"Tonight?" I suddenly remembered Lisa. "No, I can't. Not tonight." I
started toward my compactor, then returned. "You need to talk to Zachary
about Phil. Before an accident happens. He'll listen to you---you're the
*only* one he'll listen to---you worked with his old man, and Jesus, you
don't have to make nothing up."

Walter laughed. "How you think Phil got this friggin' job?"

"So he keeps screwing up until there's a major accident?"

Walter frowned, as if remembering something. "Ok, kid, if you want. I'll
talk to him."

I washed out his cement tubs, cleaned his tools, and organized his tool
chest---the most disorganized mess I had ever seen. "Do you think them
beams are going up too fast?" I asked when finished.

"What?"

"Them steel beams? You think they're going up too fast?"

"No. Not at all."

I was too tired to argue, especially with only fifteen minutes left,
so I said goodbye,
hurriedly returned to my compactor, then guided it toward my truck,
hoping to make it by 4.00 but the friggin' compactor has only one
speed---too friggin' slow.

I arrived with two minutes to spare, opened my tailgate, laid the planks
diagonally to the ground and dragged the sucker up from behind. It's a
lot easier dragging it up than down. I slammed shut the tailgate, and
climbed into my brand-new, black Silverado.

It was four o'clock. I closed my eyes and breathed deep. Done for the
day. Finally.
