## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

I started the main course, Peking Duck, the day before (it needs 24
hours). Then Sunday morning I made the rest of the dinner: pot-stickers
(with my own dough); egg rolls; shrimp fried rice (I didn't catch the
shrimp nor grow the rice); and my grandmother's shark fin soup (I
substituted swordfish for shark, which she wouldn't have approved, but
times have changed). The soup was one of my favorite dishes growing up
(my Scottish grandmother could best any native Chinese chef); and today,
I'll often eat it as a meal itself, made with green chiles, cilantro,
jalapenos, a spicy fish oil, bean sprouts, lemongrass, shitake mushrooms
(although I absolutely love portabellas, only shitakes work) and of
course, freshly caught swordfish.

I made my sweet and sour sauce slightly sweeter to compensate for the
extra spicy shark fin soup (i.e., swordfish soup minus the fin). Every
now and then I like a little symmetry in my life. Ha!

I didn't intend for all this food, but I like to cook, and Alexander
likes to eat, and so does Rachel, although lately she's been eating like
a bird.

Speaking of Rachel, she had eagerly helped me set the table, smiling and
singing as she brought the dishes poolside. She looked pretty in her
khaki shorts and pink tank top, barely concealing her purple two-piece;
giddy with excitement, her first time wearing a bikini (I gave it to her
Memorial Day, hoping that she'd wear it during the summer, but here it
was mid-October).

I decided to have our dinner poolside underneath my A-frame canopy.
(After remodeling the house shortly after I had moved in, I had enough
leftover Tuscany stone---actually, a lot---to build a five-foot base on
the long sides, keeping the other sides two open for the A-frame, which
I then extended three feet with oak and topped with a retractable
canopy. The oak matches the front exterior of my house and the stone
matches my kitchen. I also built a small, but well-stocked bar.) And,
needless to say, given the warm night with no rain in sight, I retracted
the canopy.

Stan barked at Alexander's truck pulling into the driveway.

"He's not used to him," I said to Rachel.

"Neither am I," Rachel smiled. "Ha! I'm glad I'm not barking."

Alexander galloped toward us in dirty, sweaty work clothes. He hugged
Rachel, then kissed me.

"You came straight from work?" Rachel giggled, plugging her nose.

"Why don't you take a quick dip before dinner?" I suggested. "But shower
first. It's behind the A-frame."

Alexander sheepishly confessed that he forgot his swimsuit. "OK if I
jump in with my underwear?"

"As opposed to?" I asked, hearing Rachel's heart skip a beat or two.

Alexander showered and then perched at the pool's edge. "How deep's the
deep end?"

If I wasn't so hungry, I would've joined him, dinner or no dinner. "It's
twelve feet everywhere," I said as he hit the water; "there's no deep
end."

"The water's really warm?" he said when he surfaced, more as a statement
than a question.

"Eighty-two degrees. I keep it open year-round."

"Even in winter?"

"That's what year-round means."

"Your third date with Alexander on the water," said Rachel, watching him
alternate between dogpaddling and swimming on his back. "How's this
going to end?" she asked with a touch of sarcasm.

"Don't worry sweetie, I'm not going anywhere."

Rachel's pleasant countenance suddenly disappeared. So typical. Her
volatile moods were becoming more unpredictable and tougher to tolerate.
Was it something I said? Did I trigger a long-harbored memory? Or
perhaps she was jealous of Alexander and I?

But before I could ask what was bothering her, she began. "Last night I
stopped for dinner at this nice restaurant," Rachel brushed away a tear.
"Behind me sat this family celebrating a young woman introducing her new
boyfriend. Everyone was happy, asking him all sorts of questions. I saw
my wife someday doing the same, fully confident in his masculinity,
nodding as he rubbed his stubbled chin at just the right moment, mulling
each question, perfectly orchestrating hand movements, carefully
enunciating the right syllable; everyone admiring his self-assuredness."

I waved Alexander in. I was hungry and the food was getting cold.
"Sweetie, you have to get over her. She's moved on. And so must you."

Alexander flipped over, gulped water and squirted a long arc of
saltwater. He helped himself up the ladder. On the deck, I handed him an
oversized towel and an over-sized men's bathrobe (I'm sure he was
relieved) and walked him to the A-Frame table. Rachel was sitting with
her legs crossed, smiling.

"You should get a video camera like Walter's," Alexander said, kissing
me. "Especially being out here alone at night."

"I can take of myself. But I do have a high-resolution camera on the
house."

"So we have to behave?"

"Not necessarily!" I invited Alexander to sit next to me and Rachel
across, while dishing everyone a plate.

"Joanna made everything," Rachel boasted. "Except the soy sauce and the
sweet and sour sauce."

"I made the sweet and sour sauce, sweetie; like I always do."

Alexander wolfed down an egg roll and helped himself to a pot sticker,
then another. "This is delicious. As good as any Chinese restaurant.
How'd you learn to cook Chinese? From your mother? Is your mother
Chinese?"

"*My mother*?" I asked, surprised at the question, surprised that anyone
would insinuate that I had learned anything from my mother, especially
about cooking.

"No, certainly not, although she wasn't exactly a bad cook---I've
certainly had worse." I tried recalling a good meal that stood out, that
was fondly ensconced in my memory, but there was nothing except foggy
snippets of store-bought chicken pot pies, shake and bake, overdone
steak, hamburger helper, soggy tuna casserole, and canned vegetables.
"For my mother cooking was a chore---no different from vacuuming or
dusting. She never had fun cooking or eating. And she never sang while
she cooked."

"Like you always do," added Rachel, cheerfully.

"My mother always sings while she cooks," Alexander said
matter-of-factly, dipping what was left of his egg roll in the sweet and
sour sauce.

"I like her already." I smiled at Alexander. "That says a lot about
her."

"Then there's me," laughed Alexander. \"Who can barely flip on a stove."

"You'll be easy to teach," I said, dishing the main course for Alexander
and Rachel; pleasantly surprised that she was eating so much. "Cooking
should be fun and enjoyable." I then told Alexander about my good friend
Maria, a cooking aficionado if there ever was one. An inspiration, who
taught me (at an early age) that cooking can be fun, a creative art,
something to be enjoyed.

The word 'aficionado' perplexed Alexander, so I explained: "An
aficionado teaches and inspires by example, mastering each dish's subtle
nuances, infusing it with her own imprimatur. In another life she might
have been a great novelist---a Márquez, Tolstoy, Hemingway, a
Fitzgerald; a master chef with words... I met Maria freshman year in
college during Christmas break, when I was hospitalized."

When Alexander asked why, I brushed him off, not exactly eager to tell
him that I was in the psychological floor (after a suicide attempt), but
Rachel abruptly informed him, not maliciously of course, but
matter-of-factly, like everyone should have known, as I'm sure everyone
does; and I guess that's OK for I just remembered that I had told
Alexander about my talisman in my grandfather's boat. On the Lake. When
we were alone. Although it's not something that I'm proud of.

"Maria was a second-generation Cuban immigrant," I continued, enjoying
watching Alexander gobble seconds; "completing her nursing internship at
Brigham and Women's. She really took a liking to me, at first not
understanding why such a pretty girl (her words, not mine) would want to
take her own life. After I explained, she opened up about her brother: a
TG who was murdered in Havana. We became very close and every day she
would share her homemade lunch with me, always bringing extra portions,
relating in wonderful detail the intricate steps of Cuban cooking,
weaving enthralling snippets of her grandmother, her mother, and
especially her aunt 'the improviser', who would never follow a recipe
exactly, tweaking and twisting, but only to a certain degree and always
making it better, improving the dish and inspiring others to improvise.
But only an aficionado can improvise to create something just as good or
even better than the original."

"Maria's oxtail soup, always made with the freshest ingredients, can
solve the meanest tempest. She also introduced me to Russian cooking.
Her borscht is delicious, .and you'd never know it was made with beets."

"Can't stand the suckers," said Alexander.

"Russian?" asked Rachel.

"Maria's grandfather was an engineer from Moscow, came to Havana for
work, met a woman and settled in the capital. They passed their recipes
down to Maria. One of her favorites, so simple but immensely satisfying,
which I often make for dinner: fried eggs topped with salmon, caviar,
fresh dill; served with a side dish of parsnips and sliced oranges.

"Maria inspired me to cook. She was my muse. My first year in law
school. I started cooking for friends. At first just a few, but as word
quickly spread, more people came, so I always cooked for more, never
knowing exactly how many people would show up. Every Sunday afternoon at
two o'clock---a tradition, by the way, still going strong. I soon became
one of the most popular women on campus. The school paper interviewed
me. My weekly menu (along with the recipes) becoming a regular feature;
and the University Press published my recipes as a book. The dinners
were fabulous---often ethnic, lasting well into the evening; everyone
eating, talking, laughing, and drinking, as if my kitchen was the only
place in the world.

"I always experimented but I also had my requested standbys: Carbonaro,
borscht, beef stroganoff, Peking Duck; always using fresh herbs and
spices---basil, parsley, lemongrass, mint, tarragon---whatever the dish
called for, making it visually and aromatically appealing. And on a cold
snowy afternoon nothing was (and is) more comforting than my roasted
lemon and garlic chicken, with mashed potatoes and tarragon butter,
cornbread blueberry stuffing, and Brussels sprouts stuffed with nutmeg
and halibut, which amazed everyone because no one knew that Brussel
sprouts could be so good.

"Once a month I made Cuban, always adding a twist, a slight deviation,
just like Maria's aunt, but always ending with Tres Leches, perfectly
made with no deviations. It's one of my favorite desserts on the planet,
and the main reason I jog every morning. There's nothing worse than a
bad Tres Leches---it's not even edible---but nothing beats a really good
one. And mine was the best---everyone said so, and as good as
Maria's---she said so herself.

"Maria helped me to survive. She taught me that it's OK to be in the
middle, that life doesn't always have to be black and white, that binary
opposites suffocate and constrict, forcing people into predetermined
delusions. And I inspired her to follow her real passion: cooking. After
she finished her internship and got her nursing degree, she enrolled in
Johnson & Wales and never looked back. (So because of me there's one
less nurse in the world.) She was a great nurse, but a much better cook.

"Maria worked her way up in kitchens in Saugus and Medford, quickly
becoming sous chef. Last year she opened her own restaurant in the
Seaport District to great reviews. Every Wednesday I make it a point to
work late in the city and stop at her restaurant, right at closing. She
whips up something---usually seafood, usually sea bass, one of her
restaurant's specialties, selecting the fish herself---first thing every
morning right from local fishermen---that's what makes her food so good:
fresh ingredients locally bought, and locally grown vegetables.
Everything made in-house, even the sauces and breads."

"You ain't no slouch yourself," noted Alexander.

I sighed. "She's one step above me. And she keeps getting better. I love
watching her transform even an ordinary dish like meatloaf into a work
of art."

"Your pot roast can give her a run for her money," added Rachel.

Alexander shook his head. "Never been one of my favorites."

"You've never had Joanna's," Rachel said. "It's absolutely out of this
world."

"My mother was a pretty decent cook," Alexander said. "But her pot roast
was always dry and bland---she said so herself."

"People lower their expectations because it's so ordinary. Since not
much is expected, cooking *and* eating becomes a letdown instead of an
invitation to be creative without losing sight of the dish's simplicity.
I add several Cuban ingredients that give it a verve which it might not
otherwise have (and some might even say, doesn't deserve). And a
blueberry mango sauce that makes the meat melt in your mouth."

"You haven't made it in a while?" Rachel noted. "I've been craving it."

"You're right sweetie. And tomorrow's one of those rare Sundays without
any guests. It'll be just Rachel and I."

"*Just Rachel*?" she teased.

"How about tomorrow afternoon then? A Sunday dinner: Cuban pot
roast---oh I forgot, Alexander, you have to work?"

"Actually, we got a lot done today. Phil gave us tomorrow off."

"Wonderful! Dinner, tomorrow afternoon, two o'clock?"

Alexander dipped his half-eaten eggroll into the sauce gulping it in one
bite. "So why didn't you become a chef like Maria and follow your
friggin' passion? Perhaps open a restaurant together? I could see you
two doing that."

"Someday I will. Someday when my foundation work is no longer needed."

"Don't stand on one leg waiting for that to happen," Rachel muttered.

"We've actually talked about it. We cook well together; our styles
complement each other very well. We even decided on a name: *Dangling in
the Moment*."

"I like that," Rachel nodded; "I like that a lot."

"What about a part-time catering business right now? Just make a little
more during Sunday dinners. It'd be great for tailgating and shit."

"I can't take time away from my foundation. Not now." I got up, slipped
off my black dress revealing my red bikini; the same one I had worn at
the Lake.

"You know what happened the last time you wore that," said Alexander, a
little worried.

I pulled him close and kissed him. "The farthest I'll swim is the edge
of the pool. And only with you."

Rachel slipped off her blouse, folding it several times before placing
it on the table. Then slowly and methodically removed her shorts. (If I
didn't know any better, I would've suspected her of strip-teasing
Alexander.) "No need to feel embarrassed, sweetie." I said, silently
urging Alexander to shoot her a compliment.

Alexander kissed her forehead. "You're fuckin' beautiful." Then he
skipped to the pool's edge. "Where\'s the friggin' diving board?"

"Too much of a *friggin'* liability."

"So how do you practice your jumping?"

I pretended a laugh, then followed Alexander into the water. When I
surfaced Rachel was gradually easing into the water off the ladder
steps. Then she dogpaddled toward me, keeping her head well above water.

"Rachel, if you want to be a woman you have to learn to live with wet
hair."

"I am a woman."

"You know what I mean."

"I don't want to wash it tonight."

"My grandfather always said that water isn't refreshing until you
completely dunk and swim along the bottom."

"I'm not a fish," she said, as Alexander surfaced between us, catching
his breath.

"Is this a dream come true?" I asked. "Two women, at night, in bikinis,
alone in a swimming pool?"

"Where were you two when I was in high school?" asked Alexander.

"Studying," I said.

"Chasing girls," Rachel replied.

We watched Alexander swim to the far end of the pool bobbing up and down
like a loon on steroids.

 "Joanna, I quit my job."

"What! Why? I thought we were going to fight this?"

"The writing's on the wall. Resigning on my own terms will make it
easier to get another job, but if I'm fired, who would hire me,
especially now? Maybe the Captain's right? Maybe I should do something
else?"

"Sweetie, being a cop is what you've always wanted! You said so yourself
so many times. Why are you giving up like this?"

"I'm not giving up. I'm just being realistic...This morning I asked
the Captain if we could talk, away from the station, at a local
coffeeshop. She wanted to wait until Tuesday, but I said no, that it was
urgent. When she saw me, or, more accurately, when she saw who I really
was, that I wasn't Bobby McNair---that I was Rachel---she gave me that
same horrified look that my wife did. Maybe I should've warned her? At
first, she wouldn't sit down, but I insisted on talking. She still
wouldn't sit, so I stood up. I asked for a six-month unpaid leave of
absence so I could fully transition and return to the force as Rachel
McNair. I was surprised at my bluntness, at how calm I was. She scoffed,
calling me a freak, working herself into a frenzy, saying that none of
my colleagues would want to work with me, that they'd be too afraid that
I wouldn't have their back, that my presence would sully our ongoing
community involvement program. 'Find another precinct,' she said. 'And
your Review will make that happen.'"

"She actually said that? Really? In public? Perhaps we can get some of
the customers to corroborate?"

"I did one step better. I taped the whole conversation on my phone."

"You did what? What possessed you to do that?"

"I knew that no matter what I said, the meeting on Tuesday wouldn't go
my way. I just knew. I wanted some evidence."

"That was wonderful sweetie to think of that!"

Rachel yawned. "I have to go to bed."

"Can we talk about this? Now? It's important."

"I can barely keep my eyes open."

"Then, first thing in the morning?"

Rachel nodded.

"Why don't you sleep out here on a chaise lounge? That's why I bought
them."

Rachel yawned again. "I need my bed tonight."

I kissed her on the cheek.

Rachel pulled herself up on the ladder and dried herself with an
oversized towel; wrapped it around her and headed inside.

"What happened?" Alexander asked, swimming toward me. "You two have an
argument?"

Alexander wasn't surprised at all when I told him what happened. "Maybe
she should take a stab at something else? Perhaps HR?"

"General doesn't have an HR department."

"Yeah, no shit. And that's why we have Phil. What about your
foundation?"

"It's just me and I don't earn a paycheck, so how could I pay someone
else?"

"How about CCB?"

"No experience."

"She has lots of people experience. That's what really matters."

"I'll see what I can do."

Stan started barking.

"I thought I heard a car door." Alexander asked. "You expecting
someone?"

I smiled at Alexander. "Just you."

Stan continued barking.

"There's lots of animals out here at night: deer, raccoons, skunks,
foxes," I said. "They drive Stan nuts."

"Anything bigger than us that we should worry about?"

I laughed. "They're all harmless."

Alexander kissed me, loosening my bikini string. Rachel's bedroom light
flipped on. I waited for it to flicker off, hoping that she'll sleep
peacefully, hoping that tomorrow will be a new beginning. But it never
did.
