## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

At two minutes past four, my phone rang. I assumed it was Walter reaming
me out for forgetting to put something away or for putting something
away in the wrong spot. But it was Phil. Fuck him. This was my time. I
shifted into reverse and backing up I heard a loud bang, like I hit a
wall or something, but there was nothing there.

Suddenly Phil thrust his head into my window, scaring the shit out of
me, with only my seatbelt preventing my head from going through the roof
of my cab. "Why didn't you answer the phone, you goddamned
son-of-bitch?" His foul breath reeked of stale coffee.

*Would you, knowing who it was?* "It's recharging."

"I need you to stop at Hudson Brothers for a half pallet of brick, you
goddamned son-of-a-bitch."

"I'll get it first thing in the morning."

Phil thrust his face even closer, his neck veins pulsating, displaying
coffee-stained teeth and a capped front tooth. "We *need* it first thing
in the morning."

I was tempted to raise the window lever right then and there and chop
his head off and be done with him. A quite convincing accident: I could
say that his finger got wrapped up in my shoulder strap, and everything
happened so quickly that neither of us could react in time. Who wouldn't
believe me?

Phil scribbled something on an index card, then tossed it to me, "Half a
pallet of blood-red brick, you goddamned, lazy son-of-a-bitch. Do you
think you can handle that?"

I was about to say no---and would've otherwise---that I would get it
first thing in the morning, that I had a basketball game or something,
but thinking for a minute, I realized that Hudson Brothers was only ten
minutes out of my way and a ready-made excuse for not arriving too early
at Lisa's. I slowly released my fingers from the window lever but was
not about to let him off so easy. "This is my time, you know."

"If you don't get going, you'll have plenty of time on your hands."

"I have a dentist appointment. Right after work. That's when I schedule
such things."

"Reschedule it."

"I just did." I squealed onto the road, like a high school kid roaring
out of the school parking lot. Cars honked. I gave them the finger,
crumpled Phil's index card and tossed it out the window.

Lisa was texting me, "Can't wait to see you! Everything's ready!"

Stuck in the usual stop-and-go mess on Route 128, my mind drifted to
first meeting Lisa, or perhaps more accurately, when Derek and I had
first met Lisa. We were returning from a Canadian fishing trip---my
first and last trip with that bastard---when an hour or so into New
Hampshire, I suggested stopping for lunch, but Derek wanted to keep
driving until at least Manchester, and maybe even Nashua. But since it
was my truck, and I was starving I pulled into the first decent-looking
restaurant: A turkey farm restaurant just south of Center Harbor on a
large lake. The restaurant was literally right on the water with a
shitload of expensive-looking boats all tied up to a shitload of docks.

Lisa waited on us. I thought she was absolutely beautiful, but then
again, after spending four days with Derek in the Canadian woods, I
would've said that about anyone. But she *was* beautiful and still is:
Pesky, with lively blond hair that bounced to her shoulders and musical
blue eyes that seemed to widen as she talked.

If I live to be 100---highly unlikely at the rate I'm going---I'll never
understand why Lisa was so infatuated with Derek. No looks, no money,
and he's an asshole. And I'm not just saying that because he's my
brother---ask anyone. Perhaps if Lisa was using Derek to get to me, I
would have understood. Perhaps if she was any taller---she's barely 5'2"
on a good day---I would've been more aggressive, but I'm hard-wired to
like really tall women, I guess like some guys are hard-wired to like
blonds or brunettes or women with freckles or dimples or long hair or
short hair or big boobs---none of that really matters---well, maybe just
the last. Maybe she thought I was just another good-looking guy looking
for sex, which I was, but that's beside the point.

Then the next day she calls Derek inviting herself to visit. They were
married exactly one year later. I still don't get it. Go figure.
\

At Hudson Brothers the line stretched a quarter mile or so out to the
friggin' service road. I waited fifteen minutes without budging an inch.
Although I didn't want to arrive too early at Lisa's, I also didn't want
to spend the entire night waiting in line at Hudson Brothers. Then, just
ahead, I spotted what looked like a side-entrance with no line. Perfect.
As I pulled ahead, truck drivers honked, giving me the finger, assuming
I was cutting the line. Fuck them.

Pallets of bricks---every type and color---were stacked twelve-foot high
on either side, but there was no traditional red? Perhaps they were sold
out? Or perhaps they had reserved a special place for the most popular
brick?

Yikes! What I thought was a road quickly became a narrowing forklift
path, wedging my truck between pallets. I backed up, knocked one pallet
over; then pulling forward, knocked over another, scattering bricks
everywhere.

A forklift approached from behind, the driver laughing like a bastard.
"Can't even keep your pecker in your pocket!"

A tall, thin man, balding, with a heavy grey moustache, ran from the
office. "What the hell's going on?" he asked, loosening his tie and
rolling up the sleeves of his white button-down shirt.

The forklift driver, trying to compose himself: "Mr. Hudson...Mr.
Hudson...this peckerhead...this peckerhead---"

"I thought *this* was the entrance," I confessed, immediately realizing
that I sounded like an idiot.

"*You thought this was the entrance*!" Mr. Hudson tried to approach but
loose bricks were everywhere. "How can anyone be so stupid? Who do you
work for?"

"General," answered the driver. "I've seen this clown before."

"Your name?" Mr. Hudson asked, holding pen and paper.

"Cabrini. Paul Cabrini."

"Clean up this mess," Mr. Hudson ordered the forklift driver. "Charge
your time and the bricks to General. Then get this idiot out of here. If
he ever comes in again, run him over!"
