## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

The next morning, I was relaxing in my truck, savoring my coffee,
enjoying the last peaceful moments before work. The sun had just risen.
It was a delightfully cool, crisp, wind-breaker morning. Suddenly Phil
raced into the parking lot shattering the last peaceful remnants of the
delightfully cool, crisp morning. He pulled alongside me, beeping his
horn like a bastard, "Where's that other prick?"

"Which other prick? You have to be more specific around here."

"Where's that goddamned son-of-a-bitch?"

Just then Paul, carrying his backpack, lost in his Beats, slumbered
toward us like a wayward camel.

"Get over here you goddamned son-of-a-bitch."

"He can't hear you with them Beats," I said, stepping down from my
truck, removing my windbreaker.

"Have I got a job for you two." Phil smiled, pulling Paul closer.
"You're going to wish you'd called in sick."

I put my windbreaker back on. "Actually, I ain't feeling that well. I
could use the day off. Thanks for the suggestion."

"Park the compressor next to the rear door and take enough hose to reach
the vault," Phil barked. "Hook up one hose for the chipping hammer and
another for the jackhammer."

"What about the graders?" I asked.

"They'll have to wait. This is urgent."

"Everything's friggin' urgent," I muttered. *OK, so what the hell's
going on?* *Did Phil find out about Hudson Brothers and The Edge, and
now he's dishing out this shit punishment?* Bracing for the inevitable
accusations, Phil instead explained that the architect forgot the air
conditioning duct in the vault and now the sheet metal guys are pissed
because they can't finish.

"You *are* serious?" I asked.

"No, I'm just here for a fire-side chat."

"What about the dust?" asked Paul.

"And the noise?" I asked, relieved and confused. *Did the architect
really screw up or was this a shit punishment in disguise? Either way,
it sucks.*

"Wear masks and ear plugs. And water down the dust with a thermos."

"A thermos? Are you friggin' serious?"

"I already outlined and aligned each hole," Phil continued impatiently,
like he had someone to go and was already late---which I'm sure he was.
"Build one level of staging, run a couple of planks through the top
rungs. Hold the jackhammer horizontally. One prick holds the front just
above the point, while the other holds the back."

"We know how to jackhammer; we ain\'t dimwits," I said. "What about the
dust? How we supposed to fuckin' breathe?"

A flatbed truck lugging a grader and a bulldozer thundered into the
parking lot.

"You'll think of something. Now get going. I want this done so the sheet
metal guys can finish," Phil said before scurrying off.

The vault was bigger---much bigger--- than I had expected, not that I've
ever been in one before. It was about 100 x 75, giving the impression
that it was originally something else, like a windowless office or a
janitor's room and Phil had just realized that he'd forgotten the bank's
heart and soul---how can you build a bank without a friggin' vault? And
if it *wasn't* on the plans---which I'm sure it was---then Phil
should've spotted it and made amends---that's what supervisors are
supposed to do: solve problems before they become problems.

After Paul and I built one level of staging with six planks running
across the top, and before we started hammering, I suggested that we
double-check that both holes were centered.

"Phil said that he aligned them," said Paul matter-of-factly.

"Ain't that good enough reason to check? And whose asses will be in a
sling if they ain't?"

Paul eyeballed the holes. "They look good to me."

"Either you're too blind to see or too stupid to know what you're
looking for." I handed Paul the end of my tape measure while I climbed
to the top level of staging. "Take it to the base of the wall," I said,
writing down the measurements as Paul read them; then doing the same for
the opposite hole. "Just as I thought: Off by three inches." *But which
hole was off*? *With that bastard, they both could be?* The only way to
make sure was to check the holes in the adjoining room.

Next door the drywall guys were slabbing the first layer of plaster over
the screw holes. I tapped the closest guy's shoulder, asking to borrow
his step ladder. He looked at me confused; I'm sure deaf from being
around screw guns day after day.

"He don't speak no fuckin' English," someone said.

*Then why's he working in America?*

I asked anyone within ear range if I could borrow the guy's step ladder
to take a quick measure.

"Why don't you bring your own, like everyone else?" someone asked.

"I don't want to waste time trampsing to the trailer just to take one
friggin' measurement, and hold you guys up even longer; then you'd
really be pissed off."

The bastard nodded his approval. Christ almighty, you'd think I was
asking for his first born.

Just as I thought: Each hole was perfectly centered, meaning both holes
in the vault were off. There's a surprise.

Back in the vault I properly re-aligned the holes---it would've been
easier had we aligned the holes ourselves, saving half an hour. Before
we started jackhammering, I called Phil so he wouldn't be pissed that we
hadn't yet started and to casually mention that he screwed up again.

"Double-checked? Didn't I say they were aligned?---And?"

"They were three inches off," I said smugly.

Silence.

"Hello?"

"Thanks for checking," he answered calmly, without his usual friggin'
adjectives and adverbs. Just a three-word, unadorned, almost
unrecognizable sentence, which I, nor anyone else, ever thought
possible.

I scribbled on a piece of scrap paper, for myself and all of posterity:

> 'On this day, Wednesday October 7, in the Year of Our Lord 2018, Phil
> O'Sullivan complimented Alex Morgan.'
