## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

Before you meet Terry, I guess I should tell you why I tried out for the
eighth-grade boys' football team; although no matter what I say or how I
say it, you'll think that I'm just a simpleton brandishing hackneyed
gender stereotypes. (Indeed, sometimes I wish I were.)

Even today some people criticize my playing football as superficial,
that it had nothing to do with being or wanting to be a male. And some
of my TG friends, whom you think would have understood, asked
(half-facetiously) why I didn't play hockey, drive a truck, or some
other supposedly macho thing.

So why *did* I play football? Three and a half reasons. None sufficient
on their own, and taken together might not convince you at all, but
football was, and is, an important part of who I am. And besides, I
never would've met Terry, and probably wouldn't be here today if I
didn't play football.

One, I liked it (and still do---although now I'd rather watch than
play). Two, back then, I was good at it (better than most
boys---everyone said so). Now don't get me wrong, I wasn't on a mission
to prove that girls were just as good as boys. If there was a girls'
team, I would have been quite content.

Three, and perhaps most importantly, football provided my war-zone body
with a rudder, without which I was captive to the slightest breeze from
any direction. Admittedly, playing football was a puerile grasp at
self-affirmation, without exactly knowing what I was self-affirming
(just like my friends getting their ears pierced didn't make them a
girl, but merely expressed who they were). Looking back, I played
football to survive, which was hard for an eighth-grade girl to
fathom---or anyone else for that matter---reconciling who I was with the
body I was given. My body was a war zone, and I wasn't sure who was
going to win; something none of my so-called 'normal' (God, I hate that
word) friends could possibly have known or understood, or even related
to.

Oh, the half reason: I knew what pleased my mother, although it wasn't
until much later that I understood why.

To lessen the shock of a pretty girl (everyone said I was) trying out
for the eighth-grade boys' football team I decided to meet Coach in
mid-June, just after classes were done, to feel him out, to explain my
rationale so that at least he'd understand, and to hopefully show how
good I was.

The morning of my appointment with Coach I was nervous, not over what to
say, for there really wasn't much to say except asking for a try-out;
rather, it was deciding what to wear and how to wear it. Obviously,
everyone knew I was a girl, so if I dressed as a boy, Coach would think
I was pretending to be a boy, so I had to dress like a girl.

Thankfully, I hadn't cut my hair in a while, so I decided to tie it in a
high pony. With my mother's mascara, I laced my upper lashes, and her
lip gloss prettied my thick, pouty lips; bare, they looked like inflated
earthworms.

I was ready, finally, or so I thought, until I glanced at my legs. I
didn't know any girl who didn't shave her legs. (I'm sure their mothers
made them, even if they didn't want to.) I thought about wearing
sweatpants, but it was too hot---I would have died. So I had no choice:
a girl asking to try out for the boys' football team had to shave her
legs.

As I walked the mile or so to school, I pulled my shorts low over my
thighs. I was glad that I wore a somewhat loose-fitting T-shirt, for I
swore my breasts grew a little that morning.

Inside the cavernous gym I asked the janitor for directions---I'm sure
curious why an eighth-grade girl wanted to see Coach in mid-June. I
dabbed on my mother's lip gloss, which I had stashed in my pocket and
quickly rapped on Coach's door before I became too nervous, before I
could change my mind.

"Yes?" inquired a male voice. "The door's unlocked."

Expecting someone much older, a curmudgeon; a conservative gatekeeper of
the status quo, I was pleasantly surprised to see a young guy, kind of
cute, with black hair cropped short and spiky. His full moustache
complimented a strong jaw, and his perfectly fitting South High T-shirt
showcased strong, muscular arms.

Coach was sitting behind an oversized metal desk cluttered with papers,
newspaper clippings, and clipboards. Behind him, dozens of trophies
lined a cinder block bookcase. A small electric fan buzzed on the
windowsill, sucking out the stuffy, sweaty air.

"I'm looking for the football coach?" Of course, I knew he was but
didn't know what else to say.

Noticing that I was a girl, Coach smiled. "I *am* the coach, how can I
help you?"

"I'm Joanna Turnus. I'd called earlier about---"

"Oh yes, yes," he rose enthusiastically to shake my hand. "Please sit
down. So, you want to try out for the football team, is that right? You
*do* know that tryouts aren't until August?"

"Of course...but I'm a girl and I would like your permission."

"Are you related to Zachary Turnus?"

I squirmed. "He's my father."

"You don't look anything like him?"

"Everyone says I look like my mother."

Suddenly I couldn't remember if I had left mascara on or removed it. I
felt my eyelashes: yes, but more than I thought?

"What does your father say about this?"

 "About mascara?" I shrugged, fidgeting my eyelashes.

Coach laughed. "I mean playing football."

 "He doesn't know."

 "You're trying out for the boys' football team and your father doesn't
 know?"

 "Neither does my mother. There's a lot they don't know about me."

 I expected him to say something, but he leaned back in his chair
 staring at me.

 "If I make the team, I *will* tell them," I obligingly said.

 "You sound pretty sure of yourself. What position do you play?"

 "Receiver."

 "Let me see your hands."

 I showed him, extending my long, strong fingers.

"I've never seen such hands on a girl?"

I flinched, unconsciously extending my chest.

"I mean," Coach straightened himself in his chair. "What I mean is that
you have *really* strong hands for a receiver---in college I was a
receiver; hands are so important---what about defense? What position do
you play on defense?"

"I don't play defense."

"All our guys go both ways, except the quarterback."

*Was there any hidden meaning in what Coach just said, or was he just
talking as coaches usually do?* "If I have to play defense, then...
defensive end."

"Too small."

"I'm taller than most boys."

"I mean weight, strength; there's some big linemen out there, not to
mention fullbacks."

"I can beat boys in arm wrestling."

"Football isn't arm wrestling."

"How about throwing me some passes?" I asked, surprised by my bluntness.

Coach shuffled some papers on his desk. "I can't now. I'm drafting
players for the League all-star game." He looked at his watch. "Tell you
what: TC is stopping by and I'll ask him to throw you some balls, er...I mean, passes."

"TC?"

"Our quarterback. You\'re a receiver and you haven't heard of him?"

I shrugged. "I'm just starting eighth grade."

"He should be here soon. You can wait here while I finish and---." The
door suddenly opened. Coach smiled, "Morning TC."

"*That's* the quarterback?" I exclaimed a little louder than intended.
Oh my God: Cut-off T-shirt, tall, strong arms, blond, washboard stomach.

Coach pulled him closer, "TC, this is Joanna Turnus; she wants to try
out for the team."

I stood up, blushing, feeling my breasts rustle underneath my T-shirt.

TC smiled. "Yeah, I heard there's a girl wanting to try out, who says
she's pretty good."

I smiled back. "TC?"

"Terrance Connor," Coach answered immediately. "Everyone calls him TC."

"Except my mother and sisters who call me Terry," he said, winking at
me.

*Oh my God! Catching passes from this guy is going to be more difficult
than I had thought.*

"What position do you play?" Terry asked.

"Joanna, show him your hands."

I did, quickly pulling them away, embarrassed at my unpolished,
chewed-off nails.

"Placekicker." Terry laughed. "We could use a good one."

"Why don't you toss her some passes, TC? See how good she is?"

"Sure, Coach, but only for a few minutes; I want to watch a few films
before I cut the grass." Terry held open Coach's door. I stepped out,
quietly dashing on my mother's lip gloss.

"TC, Joanna should wear a helmet and so should you; just grab one from
the bin."

Without waiting, I fished a helmet from an old water barrel
overstuffed with helmets. I grabbed a new one and tried it on. Perfect!

"First time wearing a helmet?" Terry asked.

My face flushed. "How'd you know?"

"You didn't look at the inside pads, just tried it on."

"I knew it'd fit."

Outside, Terry said he needed to warm up a bit. On the ground, he
stretched his left leg, then his right. Oh my God, I couldn't look.
Facing opposite, I did the same, then jumping jacks. After five minutes
or so I glanced at Terry still stretching. Oh my God. I turned away,
jogging in place until he was ready.

We began with soft, short passes; then longer passes with more zip.

"I like how you catch the ball with your fingertips," Terry said,
stepping back about twenty yards.

I caught everything he threw at me. Everything. I really had to
concentrate, forcing myself to focus on his hands---looking at the rest
of his body, even for an instant, I would have fluttered.

He unleashed a high bullet. I jumped, catching it with both hands,
briefly accelerated toward the end zone, then jogged back.

"Impressive," Terry said. "How about some down-and-outs?"

This guy was good. Timed the ball perfectly, throwing some passes
directly into my hands, others high/low, obviously testing me. I noticed
Coach had slipped outside with his clipboard, standing next to Terry,
talking, jotting notes.

Then I ran posts. My favorite because I could use my speed to catch
off-target balls; in fact, the more off-target, the quicker my
acceleration. Terry threw one pass, low and to my right; I dove, caught
the ball, juggling it as I rolled over, never letting it touch the
ground. Terry lobbed the next pass high. I jumped, batted it with one
hand and caught it.

Coach waved me in. "Impressive." He tossed me a water bottle. I caught
it with my fingertips, tucked it into my chest and ran a few yards
toward the end zone. They shared a laugh.

"Coach, can we consider her officially on the team? She's quicker and
stronger than any receiver we've got, and I could break the school
record."

"You already have the school record. No one gets special treatment. She
can't officially join the team until tryouts---you know that---but I am
impressed." Turning to me, Coach said, "If you catch like that during
tryouts, you'll easily make the team."

"Easily make the team? She's going to be my star receiver."

"Terry, did you know that you *slightly* telegraph your throwing
shoulder when you pass?"

Coach glanced at Terry, writing in his notepad. "Very observant."

"Hey Coach? Can Jo and I---"

"Joanna," I said tersely.

"Sorry Joanna," Terry said, appearing genuine. "Can Joanna and I work
out during the summer? Practice routes and work on our timing?"

"Sure. You can do whatever you want, as long as it isn't official and as
long as I'm not involved or even around."

"Got it. How about it Joanna? A couple of times a week? Here? Working on
routes?"

"Sure," my voice blushed. "That would be nice."
