## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

"Morgan!" Phil yelled. "Help the welder watch the sparks so the roof
don't go up in flames, you goddamned son-of-a-bitch."

"After I finish," I said, centering a wickedly large concrete shard into
my wheelbarrow; careful so it wouldn't tip.

"Now!"

Sure as hell, Phil had forgotten that Zella Asphalt was about to pave
the bank's newly expanded parking lot, and that we---make that I---had
to pick up all the accumulated bricks, bottles, cans, nails, spikes,
sawed-off planks, concrete shards, pieces of strapping, and other crap;
assuming, of course, that pick-up duty was ever on his schedule.

"Send Paul," I said, nudging my wheelbarrow forward to the left,
compensating its slight tilt to the right. "Zella will be pissed as
hell---\"

"If you ain't on the roof in two minutes, *you* can start working for
Zella."

I threw my hands up in disgust and headed toward the backside of the
bank.

"Are you deaf?" Phil yelled, waving his arms up and down. "I just asked
you to grab a goddamned extinguisher."

If I insisted that he had said no such thing, he would've ranted and
raved even more, but I had better things to do than to bear witness, so
I slipped away and did as asked.

To be honest I don't know where they got this bastard. Zachary should
have started him on an easy one-story addition rather than this bank
which was challenging even for a semi-competent supervisor: Originally
two stories, the bank was expanding 200 feet in back and five
floors up in the middle of a busy city block, while remaining open for
business,

The extinguisher wasn't where it was supposed to be---but when is shit
ever rightfully returned? I snatched a yellowed invoice from the desktop
and wrote in bold, black letters:    

*Please return the extinguisher to where it friggin' belongs!*

I double-underlined the sentence, highlighted it, then hooked the
yellowed invoice on the wall above the desk, exactly where the
extinguisher should have been.

At the back of the trailer, I plowed through square shovels, round
shovels, picks, bars, rakes, water hoses, boots, water pumps,
stepladders, sledgehammers, chipping hammers, buckets, paint cans,
cement bags, asphalt shingles, compressor hoses---everything was heaped
in an organized mess. Finally, I found an extinguisher wedged between a
compactor and a flat-tired, one-armed wheelbarrow.

With a half-broken shingle, I scraped off the dirt and grime caked on
the extinguisher from years of non-use. Then I monkeyed up the long
aluminum ladder leaning against the bank's backside, shouldering the
extinguisher like a Christmas tree. On the roof, I tapped the welder's
shoulder, letting him know that his all-important spark-watcher was
ready for duty.

He tipped up his Darth Vader mask just above his nose, bracing it with
his index finger, barking instructions like I was an idiot, like I
didn't know that the sun-baked insulation was dry as a bastard.

The welder slipped off his mask, rubbing its Plexiglas eye cover. "Give
me a minute."

I meandered to the roof's front edge. A delicious aroma of baking bread
knitted the stale smells of gasoline, lumber, fresh dirt, diesel, and
sawdust.

"Don't disappear, I'll be---"

The welder was snuffed by the whining and screeching of screw
guns---metal against metal---whirring from the newly-built partitions
below. A constant, day-long, seductively irritating rhythm: One gun. A
second. A third. A brief silence. Then the first, second, third.     

Directly below the roof's edge, Nick, Abe, and Walter were framing a
wooden form for the new sidewalk on what used to be a broad expanse of
grass studded with tall oak trees: a peaceful buffer between the bank
and the busy street traffic. But the bank president had ordered the
trees cut down, claiming that they obstructed the view. Really? A
traffic-clogged rotary fed by three, traffic-clogged streets, and that's
a friggin' view?

The welder signaled that he was ready; ready to strengthen the steel
beams across the old roof that would soon support the new floors. The
steel skeleton of the upper addition was already in place.

I kicked a few pebbles over the roof's edge, then scooted back.    

"Cut the shit!" I heard Nick yell above the whining and screeching.    

At the roof's far end a crane operator was unloading steel beams. A huge
American flag draped motionless from his cab. As fast as he unloaded,
guys aligned and welded, showering sparks in every direction. I gave the
crane operator the finger, like I did every morning, and he ignored me,
like he did every morning. Sure, he makes triple my salary, but does
that entitle him to be a prick?

Watching sparks ain't as easy as it seems. Yeah, you wait for nothing to
happen, but no matter how hard you try, you can't help glance at the
welding arc. It won't blind like you a friggin' eclipse, but even a
casual glance hurts your eyes, and then you suffer like a bastard that
night.  

Below us was an old computer billing room. Everything flammable had long
been removed; polyethylene covered the still-remaining metal filing
cabinets. Guess who was chomping on an unlit cigar, looking up at me,
armed with a water hose? Gary. I'm sure he had reserved this job days
ago before anyone else even knew about it. Everyone says that he used to
be a good laborer but that must have been years before his triple chin
and large, protruding stomach.

Why have two guys standing around waiting for nothing to happen? I
clicked on my cell phone to call Phil and was surprised as hell to find
three text messages from Lisa, and it wasn't even eight o'clock.

I stepped back from the welder, away from view, reading the first
message, "Derek's working overtime tonight. I'm making a nice dinner,
why don't you stop by?" Then the second: "He won't be home until
nine!!!" And the third: "Call Me!"  

Maybe, just maybe, if she wasn't married to my brother. "Call you
later," I texted. "I'm working." My message didn't send. I tried
resending. Finally, after three tries.  

Suddenly the insulation began crackling and sizzling. Shit! The welder
whipped off his mask, stomping and swearing like a bastard. I sprayed
the extinguisher, but nothing came out. Gary threw us the hose and the
welder extinguished the flames, and not a second too soon.  

"What the hell were you doing?" demanded the welder. "Why'd you bring an
empty extinguisher? Get another one that works! And no more fuckin'
screwups."


