## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

Using the jackhammer vertically---normal usage---is a lot easier than it
looks. Its weight does the work, so you just guide it as needed. But
horizontally, that's a different story---no wonder that bastard was
smiling---no handles and nothing to grab, so you need two guys, although
the hammer ain't long enough for two, and you need gloves because it
gets hot as a bastard.

With 120 decibels reverberating against the walls, earplugs were
useless, and our masks filled quickly with fine grey dust, making it
more difficult to breath with them on. And dabbing water from a
friggin' thermos---who was he kidding?

After thirty minutes or so I suggested hosing down the dust so we could
at least see what we're doing. "The floor's concrete," I said to Paul.
"So water ain't going to damage it."

A faint grunt, which I took as a yes; not that I needed his approval. I
headed to the trailer to fetch a water hose, hacking up all sorts of
dust and shit; I also grabbed a couple of extension cords and a hanging
torch light.

Returning to the vault, I ran into Lily---literally.

"Alexander?" she asked, peering closer. "Is that you? What have you been
doing?"

"Don't ask." I shook the dust from my hair. "What brings you here so
early in the morning?"

"We had an all-night organizing session a couple of blocks away. I
needed coffee---it was good to get out and ...I was hoping to run into
you." She handed me her business card. "This has my personal number. I
was wondering---"

"You live in Worcester?" I asked, noticing the central Massachusetts
area code.

"Born and raised."

"I thought you and Brian were---"

"Together?" She laughed. "Are you kidding? We have absolutely nothing in
common."

A short silence.

"Look, I find you very attractive, but if you're not interested." She
removed her heels and hurried to the bank with a determination that said
she was comfortable at a construction site, unfazed by pinching nails,
shards of glass, scraps of wood. And she knew I was watching, staring at
her long, slender legs glistening in the morning sunlight. At the bank
entrance, she bent down, scraped the dirt from her feet and slipped on
her shoes.

I called her number. No answer. I called again.

"Who's this?" she asked, recognizing my voice.

"Alexander Morgan. I work at General Construction. How about dinner
Saturday night?"

"Hmmm. Brian and I are leaving for Albany Saturday morning, for a
 week."

*A week? Together?* *And there's nothing between them?*

"How about Friday night?" she suggested.

"Sure."

"Should we say seven? Oh, let's make it eight: I've an all-day session
in Woonsocket. Call me this week, I've some good suggestions."

Back in the vault, Paul and I outlined the first hole with the chipping
hammer, so that when we began jackhammering, the surrounding concrete
wouldn't accidentally crack. We worked like bastards, finishing the
first hole by 9:10, just in time for coffee. At this rate, we'd finish
well before noon. But something wasn't right: it was too easy.

"Did you notice how weak this shit is?" I asked Paul, resting my arms
on the upper
planks. The ash-like dust was already an eighth-inch deep. "What if the
whole building's
like this?"

"It ain't."

"You've checked? And what about the steel rods?"

"What about them?"

"There ain't none; that's the problem: They're supposed to be *in* the
concrete."

Paul lifted the chipping hammer. "I'll finish outlining the second
hole while you go for
coffee."

I waved my hands in disgust, then grabbed three small pieces of
concrete: one
for Walter, one for my truck, and the other for safe keeping in the
trailer.

Outside, I coughed, hacking up more dust and shit.

A Zella guy approached in his friggin' grader. I waved but no response.
I waved again. No response. Fuck him---he can get his own coffee.

Paul and I entered the coffee circle simultaneously but from different
directions

"Where've you two clowns been?" Walter asked. "And why so dusty?"

"You tell him," said Paul. "You're better at explaining stuff."

Nick lit a cigarette. "The master bullshitter."

"He was voted best bullshitter in high school," noted Paul.

"An award for best bullshitter?" asked Abe. "In school? No wonder our
goddamn country's so screwed up."

"They just didn't hand out them awards," I said, taking my spot next to
Nick. "I won it fair and square."

"By lying," Paul said. "Like senior year, you were voted the most
tallest, lying to everyone that you were, when, in fact, five guys were
taller. And that's just one example."

"Which everyone knew---it wasn't exactly something I could hide---so I
bullshitted. And that's why I won best bullshitter."

"How do we know you ain't bullshittin' now?" Walter asked.

"Everything's in the yearbook," I replied. "Check it out online."

"Liars, bullshitters?" Nick asked. "What's the goddamned difference?"

I sipped my coffee. "There's nothing worse than lying---the ultimate
deception. Lying deliberately deceives. No one suspects you're lying
because you're serious, but everyone knows when you're bullshitting. The
opposite of bullshitting is not bullshitting and the opposite of lying
is not lying, so if you're bullshitting you ain't lying. How does
someone five-foot-five dunk a basketball? By bullshitting. How did only
a handful of bastards defend the friggin' Alamo? By bullshitting."

"What kind of logic is that?" Abe asked, trying hard not to laugh.

"The honest bullshitter," added Nick.

"So why are you two clowns so dusty?" Walter asked.

"You really want to know?" I asked.

Walter sighed. "Let's hear it."

Abe glanced at his watch. "The condensed version, lunch is in three
hours."

"You guys have no idea what we do every day getting coffee. Like this
morning, just as we were leaving, this blinding sandstorm came out of
nowhere. Paul and I were inching along, guided by my compass---thank God
I remembered to bring it."

"The goddamned blind leading the goddamned blind," said Nick, lighting a
cigarette.

"Then Paul suggested renting a camel."

"He's always thinking," said Abe.

"And charging it to General?" Walter said.

"They ain't cheap now-a-days," Paul added.

"Lucky for us there was a camel stand this side of the street; usually
there ain't one when you need it. But our camel wouldn't budge---must've
been deaf or something, so we exchanged it for another. Then we got
attacked by this roving band of bandits."

"Them's the worst kind," added Nick.

"We whipped out our swords and drove the bandits back, back into the
quicksand where they all disappeared."

"You always have a sword gettin' coffee?" Walter asked.

"Absolutely," I said. "You never know when it might come in handy."

"That's it?" Abe asked. "No snakes or crocodiles snappin' at you?"

"That was yesterday---thank God we don't have to deal with them bastards
every day."

Nick flung his cigarette butt at me.

Walter rose from his bucket, stretching his arms. "So, what's the real
reason you're so dusty?"

"The real reason?" I laughed to Paul, "He thinks we made this up!"

"*The real reason!*"

I finished my coffee and tossed the empty Styrofoam cup into the water
barrel. "If one of us fucked up one-tenth as much as Phil, we'd be out
of here on our ass so quickly. *He* made us cut two holes in the vault
for the air conditioning duct, saying that the architect screwed up."

"What?" Walter asked. "The duct's on the plans, clear as day."

"You sure?" I asked.

"Of course I'm sure---why wouldn't I be?"

"An expensive mistake if you ask me---and something ain't right with the
concrete. It's cutting too easy. It's supposed to be zero slump, you
know that, but it's a helluva lot weaker. How'd this get by the
inspector?"

"Where'd you put it?" Walter asked.

"In the dumpster---where else would I put it? I also stashed a piece in
my truck."

"Why?"

I shrugged.

Walter glanced at his watch. "Hey kid, you wanted to speak with Zachary;
I set up a meetin' this afternoon. At his office. Be at my truck at
exactly three-thirty. He even said we can leave early to leave beat the
traffic---I told him it was urgent. And make sure you clean up; you
can't go to his office lookin' like that." Walter grabbed my arm. "And
who was you talkin' to this mornin'?"

"I was in the vault all morning."

"When you was returnin' from the trailer."

"Her? Oh, a bank customer. She was lost."

"So, she gives you her card?"

"Why so friggin' nosy?"

Walter frowned. "Listen kid, if I see you screwin' around and I ain't
even lookin', then so can Phil, who's watchin' your every move. And why
didn't you ask Zella to join us for coffee?"

"They're pricks." I reached in my front pocket and returned Walter his
twenty.
\

Cutting the second hole was even easier. We finished at 11:00, three
hours ahead of our self-imposed schedule. Our holes were laser-cut
perfect. We wheelbarrowed the concrete into the dumpster, then vacuumed
the vault floor with the industrial vacuum.

"Let's have a cigarette," I suggested to Paul when finished; "it'll
clean out our lungs."

He didn't laugh. He never laughs at my jokes, although this time I was
half-serious.

I texted Phil that we had finished, assuming he'd be pissed that we had
finished so early. No answer. It was 11:35. I called again. Fuck it. I
decided to take an early lunch. If that bastard wants to fire me, then
let him explain his expensive screw-up to Zachary.
\

At the Scarlet Pumpernickel, I snagged the last river-adjacent table,
surprised that it was still available. I stretched my legs on an
adjoining chair, savoring the warm breeze. My forty minutes for lunch
seemed an eternity. I closed my eyes, soothed by the river cascading off
the rocks. Half asleep, someone jerked me awake. Assuming it was the
waitress asking for my order, I was surprised to see Lisa.

"Alexander? Is that you? I almost didn't recognize you?" She wore an
unflattering oversized brown maxi-dress, her blonde hair tied back.
She smiled as I straightened myself up, shaking dust from my hair. "I
kind of like you in grey," she said. "Makes you look distinguished."

"How'd you know I was here? Even I didn't know I was coming until the
last minute."

 "Paul told me."

*That bastard.*

She sat opposite, handing me a large Styrofoam cup. "A Switchblade. Made
it myself. Five shots of Espresso mixed with house coffee. I thought you might need
one."

I took a long sip, nodding my approval. "No naps for me this afternoon.
Or the rest of the friggin' week. Do you guys deliver? What's the name
of your shop?"

"The Comet. We're on the other side of the river, only one stop away on
the Red Line, although from here you can practically walk. Stop by when
you're working overtime or something."

A waitress approached, asking for Lisa's order.

"How's the grilled avocado salad?" Lisa asked, scanning the menu.

"One of my favorites. You have to try it with alfalfa sprouts."

Lisa nodded.

The waitress turned to me.

"Can I have three cheeseburgers, extra fries, and onion rings? And a
Diet Pepsi."

"Really Alexander?" Lisa asked. "*Three* cheeseburgers? Extra fries
*and* extra onion rings? No dessert? Won't you be starving by
mid-afternoon?"

"I'll manage." I swatted a wasp darting at me.

"That just makes him angry. Sit still and he'll go away."

I unlaced my boots and stretched my legs on an adjoining chair. "I
thought you worked nights?"

"I'm subbing today. It's good to get out of the house. Hmmmm, maybe I
should sub more often?" she muttered. "So, why so dusty, Alexander?"

 I took a sip of my Switchblade, then another. "Paul and I were
 jackhammering in the
vault."

 "How much money did you abscond with, Alexander Ocean?" she asked,
 laughing.

"Yeah, right. I wouldn't know what to do with it all."

"Me? First, I'd get a manicure *and* a pedicure, then a trip around the
world. In a sailboat."

"With Derek?"

"Are you serious?"

"That's on his list."

"Maybe so, but not with me. Of course, I'd ask you along---I think
that'd be fun."

I laughed, "Phil won't even let me go to Allston, never mind a trip
around the world."

The waitress delivered Lisa's salad.

Lisa spooned several grilled avocados onto my plate, urging me to try
one, as if they were God's greatest invention.

"Can't stand the bastards."

"I bet you never had them grilled?"

"When I was seven my mother made me eat a whole plate of them."

"Lie bag. Just try one. There's nothing like a grilled avocado!"

"An avocado's an avocado no matter if you bake it, boil it, steam it,
baste it, sauté it, dice it, eat it raw, or even grill it."

"Not necessarily. A good cook can take a basic avocado and transform it
into something magical, something beyond recognition."

"Then why bother with it in the first place?"

"Where's your sense of adventure Alexander?"

"With avocados? Are you kidding?"

"Did you know that these onion rings are actually avocado rings, and
your cheeseburgers are avocado burgers?"

I threw my napkin down and stood up.

"Alexander Morgan! Don't be so ridiculous."

"Ain't it reasonable to assume that if I order something, I know exactly
what I'm getting?"

"Yes; and no---who cares! I didn't come here to talk about avocados."

I sat down. The waitress delivered my lunch. The onion rings were
steeped high, practically burying everything else.

"You should've ordered more, Alexander, I don't think you have enough.
But I'm glad that you ordered extra fries."

"What the hell's all this?" I asked, noticing tomatoes, relish, lettuce,
pickles and who knows what else in my burgers. "I specifically asked
just for extra ketchup and nothing else."

"You didn't. I was right here."

"I did."

"No you didn't."

I diligently scraped off everything, saving the ketchup.

"Are you sure got everything? I think I still see some lettuce."

Finally satisfied I took a bite, "So, how was your romantic dinner last
night with Derek?"

"Romantic? With Derek? I wouldn't use those two words together." She
took an onion ring, raised it her mouth, then put it down. "Did I ever
tell what happened last Valentine's Day?"

I shook my head, not sure I wanted to know.

"I made him breakfast in bed. Yeah, I know: what I was thinking? Maybe
I'm a hopeless romantic, that even when things hit rock bottom, they'll
get better? I was wearing nothing underneath my bathrobe. Then you know
what he said? That I didn't deserve a Valentine's day present *this*
year but maybe *next* year if I worked at it. I dumped the whole tray on
him." She brushed away a tear. "I packed my suitcase and went home to
New Hampshire. My Dad initially thought I was pregnant and came home to
surprise him. But how can you be pregnant if you don't have sex? And how
can you have sex when you don't sleep together? And how can you sleep
together when you're not intimate? And how can you be intimate when you
don't like each other?" Lisa scattered her avocadoes. "Last night, it
was supposed to be just you and me. *He* was supposed to work overtime.
And today, I was going to surprise you with leftovers---a nice picnic
lunch, but he was so pissed that he threw everything in the trash. Now
he's accusing me of having an affair with you." Lisa stood up, drying
her eyes with a Kleenex. "I have to get back to work. I can't be late,
we're short-staffed as it is."

I hugged her. "You OK?"

She nodded. "You still coming next weekend?"

"Yes."

She smiled and kissed me goodbye.
