## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

For homecoming, Coach bought us these purple ball earrings---a small
token of appreciation for working so hard for the fans, for helping us
stay unbeaten, and for 'making her look good.' Yeah, I know what you're
thinking: purple; yuk, too gaudy. But they were pretty in a
sophisticated way, stylish even; something my grandmother might wear if
she was feeling funky on Mother's Day or her birthday or anniversary.
Although Coach told us that the earrings were inexpensive, some of the
Moms insisted otherwise, even suggesting they were Sapphires. But
whether they were or not, they were pretty and quite noticeable from a
distance; and purple was our team color.

I was the only girl on the squad without pierced ears. I'm sure Coach
would have understood if I didn't want to get my ears pierced (I guess
like a Quaker excused for military service); she would've bought me a
nice pair of clip-ons, just as pretty, and no one would have been the
wiser; that's just the type of person she is. But I didn't have a good
reason, at least that I could afford to tell, other than that I was part
of this stupid family (a word I hesitate to use) where such a simple
thing as getting my ears pierced was so problematic.

Three weeks before homecoming I asked my mother (nicely) to let me get
my ears pierced. It certainly wasn't the first time (I was really tired
of asking) but now I was more determined. I asked my mother during her
morning readings, when she was (usually) halfway nice, waiting until she
had crossed herself finishing some worn-out prayer.

"No," she firmly said, fondling a tiny gold cross draped around her
neck---a gift from her mother shortly after my mother's first
miscarriage. "Absolutely not."

"But everyone on the squad has pierced ears!"

 "I don't care! You are *not* getting your ears pierced."

 "We have to. Coach wants us to wear these purple---\"

 "You'll just have to tell her no."

 "You want me to be the only cheerleader without pierced ears?"

 "Then you never should've joined the squad. You---" Suddenly, my
 mother looked at
me calmly and quizzically, even somewhat pathetically, as if seeing me
for the first time. But just as quickly she pulled back, returning to
her readings. "When you're sixteen," she solemnly said. "When you're
sixteen."

"*When I'm sixteen*? That's three years from now!"

"Your father will explode if---"

"I'm a girl and girls are supposed to get their ears pierced!"

I wished that she had let me pierce my ears. I wished that she had taken
me right then to the mall, or even did it herself, like some mothers. I
wished that she, like Telethusa, protected her daughter. It would have
changed everything.

That same night, a gripping sensation woke me, the same urge that had
overtaken me before, but this time I was stronger, calmer, and more
determined. I scooped some ice cubes from the freezer. Squeezing both
sides of each earlobe until numb, I grabbed a pair of studs from my
mother's small earring saucer in the bathroom and a needle from her
sewing kit. I pushed the needle (I didn't even think of sterilizing it)
through my left earlobe---it was surprisingly easy. Then I did the same
for the right ear. I clasped the studs in my ears, feeling wonderfully
calm.

Inspecting myself in the mirror, I noticed the left earring was
perfectly positioned, but the right was too low. I thought I had pierced
them both in the same position? I tried re-piercing my right ear
slightly above the first piercing, but it was harder this time, as if
pushing through bone. At first, I couldn't; then I re-tried just to the
right of the initial hole. Finally, with all my strength (honestly, it
was that hard), I pushed the needle through. Blood spurted. I inserted
the earring into my still bleeding ear, removed it, squeezed a wet paper
towel over my ear, then pressed an ice cube against it. When the
bleeding stopped, I re-inserted the earring.

My right ear was red, but at least the earrings were even.
