## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

So much of who you are and who you become is determined by others. I
became a good swimmer because of a gymnastics class that my father
insisted I take---a class, however, that I never attended. It was
supposed to make me more agile and athletic---at least that's what he
had told everyone---but what better way to explain away increasingly
random bruises?

Every Saturday morning my mother dropped me off at the Y, then picked me
up at noon. But I never attended class, instead changing into an old
bathing suit of my mother's and jumping into the pool.

Saturday mornings were family time, so I judiciously stuck close to
everyone (although I'm sure the lifeguards suspected the obvious)
watching and learning as parents taught their children how to breath,
tread water, float on their stomachs and on their backs. I learned the
freestyle, the backstroke, the sidestroke, and the butterfly; but my
favorite was swimming backwards, which I taught myself. It wasn't
exactly a stroke, perhaps more of a medley: swimming on my back,
submerging my ears, caressed by the water blocking the surface noise
and the world above, staying afloat with my arms, slightly kicking my
legs.

The first Saturday when my mother picked me up, she asked why I had
smelled of chlorine. The pool water was just changed, I answered, and
its strong smell was everywhere (not exactly a lie). So, every Saturday
thereafter, finished with swimming, I made sure to thoroughly wash my
body and especially my hair before my mother picked me up. She never
asked again.

When my grandfather first invited me to swim with him, the summer before
seventh grade, he had no idea how good I really was, so at first, I had
to pretend that I knew nothing, (which was difficult since I always
thought of myself as a natural swimmer) otherwise even he would have
suspected something. He praised me as a fast learner. My grandfather
also taught me the frog stroke, which I didn't like because I was super
conscious of my big eyes, and the Australian crawl, his favorite and
soon to be mine.

He also taught me how to breathe. "You can't focus on breathing *and*
technique. Since breathing is natural, forget about it and focus on your
technique, which isn't natural, but will become so with practice. With
proper breathing and good technique, you can swim all the way to
England."

"What if I have to pee?"

He laughed so hard.
