## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

"Welcome to the friggin' penthouse!" Walter beamed, as if the
 thirty-ninth floor was his

and his alone. Stepping out of the elevator, he was immediately accosted
by a security guard. "What the hell's this?" demanded Walter. "You know
who I am."

"Someone tried to kill Mr. Turnus last week," replied the guard,
frisking Walter. "Just after you left."

 "He has more enemies than y ou could shake a stick at," Walter said to
 me. "And that's just his own friggin' family."

 "Everyone has to be checked," the guard apologized to Walter.
 "Everyone."

 "Any idea who it was?" asked Walter.

 The security shrugged, frisking me. Satisfied, he led us through a
 metal detector. "His office is at the end of the foyer."

 "I know where the hell it is."

 If a prize were awarded for the most uselessly expensive foyer, this
 would win, hands down. The walls were lined with dozens of expensive,
 museum-looking portraits of people I didn't know, places I'd never
 seen. And no windows by the way---how can a foyer on the 39^th^ floor
 overlooking the Harbor not have a friggin' window? About two dozen
 mustard, oversized royal thrones were spaced about three feet apart.
 Obviously not for sitting---so why bother with them, as if anyone on
 their way to see Zachary Turnus would have the luxury of sitting? In
 the middle of the foyer, hung the biggest chandelier I had ever seen.

 "For the life of me I don't understand why he went to Spain for this
 friggin' thing," said Walter.

 Directly below the chandelier was a granite water fountain emptying
 into a shallow pool, guarded by two, six-foot golden urns. Ahead, at
 the foyer's end, was a three-foot, gold-lettered sign.

> GENERAL CONSTRUCTION, INC.
> 
> WORLD HEADQUARTERS

"*World headquarters?*" I asked.

"Anthony's turnin' over in his grave. And yes, it's real gold."

The door suddenly opened. "Right on time!" Zachary smiled as the two
embraced. "I've always liked that about you."

He was taller than I had thought, almost my height, impeccably dressed
in a tailored olive suit; his head shaved, his brown eyes stone cold, as
if chiseled out of concrete, with a greyish goatee centering a large
nose.

"This is Alex P. Morgan," Walter said. "One of our laborers."

*Christ, why couldn't he just introduce me as Alex Morgan?*

Zachary shook my hand. "P?"

"Peckerhead," offered Walter; the two sharing a laugh.

Expecting Zachary to follow up and ask, I readied with my tidied,
oft-told, standardized explanation that my parents had debated for
months on end but couldn't agree on a middle name. For there was no way
in hell I was going to tell him or anyone else that my middle name was
Pierpont.

Pierpont was my father's idea---and I guess I should be thankful that
it's just my middle name and not my first, for then I would've have
legally changed it when I turned 16, no matter how much my mother liked
it. Yeah, she was actually fond of Pierpont, and still is, perhaps
reminding her of happier times. Here's how it happened: My parents were
watching TV one night; my mother eight months pregnant with me. That
night was one of the few that my father hadn't been out drinking, even
promising a new beginning. Channel surfing, he came across a biography
of John Pierpont Morgan, which really intrigued him. After the program,
he suggested naming me Pierpont. At first my mother thought he was
joking, but unfortunately, he was not. She rightfully objected that
Pierpont wasn't a first name, but my father persisted. So they struck a
deal: my mother could choose my first name, as long as it wasn't too off
the wall--- as if Pierpont wasn't?---with Pierpont as my middle name.

'Alexander,' my mother immediately said. No particular reason: she was
just fond of it.

Later, long after my father had left us, I promised my mother that when
I become AFL-CIO president, I'll use my full name: Alexander Pierpont
Morgan. Not only does it roll off the tongue reasonably well, but it
tells the world that this dude named after one of the richest bastards
who ever lived, actually cares about the common laborer.

But Zachary didn't ask, leading us through a small, windowless room,
barely large enough for his secretary, who was sitting at her desk, on
the phone, typing into her computer. Spotting us, she intensified, her
smile disappearing. Zachary whispered something to her. She immediately
clicked the phone, then redialed.

"No metal detector in your office?" Walter asked with a touch of
sarcasm. "A lot can happen between here and the elevator."

"Some nutcase burst into my office with a handgun. Didn't I tell you?
Luckily, I wasn't in. It turned out to be a case of mistaken identity."

*"*Mistaken identity? He enters the elevator in your friggin' buildin',
comes to your friggin' penthouse which needs permission and a friggin'
security code, walks a mile down your corridor, past your sign, past
your secretary---that's a case of mistaken identity? And what about the
video monitors?"

Zachary opened his office door, inviting us in. "They were being
repaired."

Floor-to-ceiling glass windows afforded expansive views of Logan
airport, the harbor islands, and the Atlantic Ocean straight ahead; to
the left, Faneuil Hall and the Government center; and just beyond, the
Pru and Hancock towers.

Zachary spotted a smudge on the harbor-facing panel. He tried wiping it
off with his handkerchief, but it seemed to be outside. Frustrated, he
immediately called the building manager, leaving a short angry message.

Centered in the room was a large oak desk, completely bare. No papers,
no phone, not even a memo pad. Against the far wall was a large
fireplace centered between a half-filled bookcase and a well-stocked,
chestnut-paneled bar. Zachary, inviting us for a drink, pointed out that
he had personally selected the wood from a six-hundred-year-old tree.
Placing three medium-sized, empty glasses on the shelf, he dropped two
ice cubes into one glass, filled it with Coke and handed it to Walter.
He removed a half-filled bottle of Balvenie Scotch, poured himself a
glass, plopped in two cubes, asking if I wanted the same.

I nodded yes, but to skip the ice, watching Zachary meticulously fill my
glass, stopping exactly at quarter-point, examining it, as if looking
for something. Smudges perhaps? Satisfied, he presented it to me.

"Balvenie?" noted Walter. "This must be a special occasion."

Above the fireplace hung a large portrait---or was it a photo? ---of an
older man.

"A portrait of my father," Zachary said, anticipating my question,
which, by the way, I had no intention of asking. "It was my mother's
idea."

"You defiantly have his nose," Walter said.

*Did he just say what I thought he just said?*

"I meant definitely," Walter blushed, immediately correcting himself.

"I bet my mother ten bucks that he couldn't sit still."

"That's all?" asked Walter.

*Was he just being his usual stupid self, or was he deliberately trying
to provoke? If the latter, he was doing a good job,* *although Zachary
seemed oblivious.*

Walter leaned into me, "That's him kid: always worryin', smokin',
fidgedin.'"

"Fidgeting should have been his middle name," Zachary said, staring at
the portrait. "You know the last thing he said to me? Just two days
before he died, like somehow, he knew. That I'd bankrupt the company,
run it into the ground."

"He didn't mean it like that," Walter said.

"Of course he did. He never minced words; you know that." Zachary gulped
his Scotch, quickly refilling his glass. "Your father was a mason, is
that right?"

 "Yes," Walter replied. "And my grandfather and my great-grandfather. I
 come from a
long line of masons."

 "What about your sons?"

 "They're both in sheet metal. Someday they hope to start their own
 company."

 "That doesn't bother you?"

 "Hell no! It's great work."

 "I mean that you're the last of the masons?"

 Walter laughed. "Of course not. Why would it?"

Zachary sat down at his desk, gesturing for us to sit opposite. "You
said this meeting was urgent. You're not retiring?"

"Not for a while." Walter sipped his Coke. "You knew that."

 "Then what's on your mind?"

 "Phil," Walter answered immediately.

 "What about him?"

"He's constantly screwin' up. Always makin' the wrong decisions,
reversing the right ones, forgettin' things, not coordinatin' with subs,
jeopardzin' our safety and pissin' people off."

"Pissing everyone off." I added.

"And morale sucks," said Walter.

 "I don't care about morale, as long as the job gets done."

 "That's the problem," noted Walter. "Half the time I'm doing his work.
 He can't---\"

"He's completely disorganized," I said. "Interrupting jobs, sending me
on wild goose chases, sending me back to the shop in the middle of the
day."

"Last week he forgot to tell the sheet metal guys about the air
conditionin' duct in the vault---it's right on the plans---so he sends
the kid in with the friggin' compressor."

"Where'd he put the concrete?"

"In the dumpster? Where else would the kid put it?"

Zachary abruptly excused himself and ducked into his secretary's office.
"A super needs to be flexible," he said, when he just as quickly
returned. "Things come up; you have to be able to think on your feet."

 "Thinkin' on your feet's one thing, not knowin' where your nose is,
 that's another."

 "That's not what I'm hearing. Everyone's praising Phil that we're
 eight days ahead
of schedule."

"Only because of the unusually good weather," I noted.

 "If it was just the weather, we'd be on time: we factor good *and* bad
 weather when
we do the bidding." Zachary glanced at his watch. "Anything else?"

Walter took out a small spiral notebook from his shirt pocket.

 "Is that my father's?" asked Zachary, peering over the table.

 "He started me with this goddamned habit." Walter slipped on his
 reading glasses,
flipping through the pages. "There's been some talk about unionizing.
The Teamsters have been snoopin' around. I thought you should know."

 *How the hell did Walter find out, and why's he bringing this up now?*

 "Unions just don't snoop around," Zachary retorted.

"No one from General invited them," Walter clarified. "If that's what
you're getting at."

"Obviously they see us growin' faster than no one else, so they want a
piece of the action. If your father was alive, he'd---"

"Damn my father!" Zachary stood up, hurling his whiskey glass at
Anthony's portrait, splattering ice and glass. Then he poured himself
another drink and calmly sat down as if nothing happened. "If my father
was still running the company," he said in a disarmingly subdued voice,
"it would be bankrupt. Times change and you have to change with them.
Anything else?" Zachary sipped his Scotch, glancing at his watch. "I
have a conference call in just a few minutes."

Walter rose and I quickly rose with him.

"Why don't you check up on Phil now and then," offered Walter. "See how
that moron really operates."

"I check up on *everyone*." Zachary glared at me with his stone-cold
eyes. "And I don't have a problem with Phil."

 We shook hands and said good-bye.

"What the hell was that all about?" I asked, once inside the elevator.

Walter grabbed my arm, pointing to a camera and microphone directly
above us. I waited patiently for the elevator to empty us into the
parking garage. "Why'd you say that shit about the Teamsters? And how'd
you find out?"

"Relax kid. The woman you was talkin' to the other day when you was
returnin' to the vault."

"So why'd you ask me who I was talking to if you already knew the
reason? And now Zachary thinks *I* invited the Teamsters."

"Relax kid. By givin' you a little of the disease now, it prevents you
from gettin' it later; you understand what I'm sayin'"?

"No, I don't understand what you're saying. I never understand what the
hell you're saying."

"Listen kid, Zachary knows about the Teamsters, the Laborers,
Steelworkers, the UAW, and every other friggin' union wantin' to
organize us. So by tellin' him now clears your name. He'll never assume
you're guilty if I mention it now. Trust me, kid."

"I don't trust you." I stepped up into his cab and slammed shut the
door. *I've never trusted you.*

"Don't you think it odd that there weren't no papers on his desk?" I
asked, as we merged onto the Expressway, surprised that the traffic was
so blight. "And no filing cabinets or plans?"

"Did you happen to notice that door across the hallway from his
secretary?"

"No, I didn't notice no door across from his secretary or anyone else."

"*That's* his office. This afternoon he met us in the Conference room.
His office has three overflowing blueprint desks, and the walls
plastered with before/after photos of every project General's ever
done."

"Did Anthony have any family pictures in his office?"

"Anthony? Yeah, lots. Especially Joanna---two peas in a friggin' pod if
you ask me."

"She married?"

Walter laughed.

"Just asking."

"She ain't like you and me, kid; she ain't like no one else: she's
weird, unpredictable, and explosive---just like her old man. *And* she
ain't in your league."

"Didn't know I was in no league?"

"You know what I mean: rich, smart, a lawyer, drives a Lexus."

I stretched back as far as I could in the passenger seat of Walter's
truck, closing my eyes. "I'll have to remember that: not in my league."
