## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

"Hey, Walter, is that the Comet?"

"Too bright in the city to see nothin', kid."

"No, the coffee shop? Can you back up?"

"In the middle of traffic?"

"Then drop me off."

"Getting a head start on mornin' coffee, kid?" Walter asked, pulling to
the curb.

"My sister-in-law works here. Care to join me?" I only asked because I
knew the answer.

"Just lookin' at caffeine at night keeps me up."

"Then have a decaf."

"I don't drink nothin' that don't do nothin' for me. And, besides, I
have to get home."

"It ain't even six-thirty."

"It's seven-fifteen, almost my bedtime. Sister-in-law you said? Be
careful, kid."

"I'm *just* having coffee."

Walter laughed. "That's how it starts: She makes you a coffee. Extra
strong. You like it. She makes another. You're wide awake. You wait for
her until she's done work. You both stop at a bar for a drink. Then
another. She invites you home. You have a night cap. Then, in the
mornin' you come to work with a goddamned twinkle in your eye.\"

"I'm having *one* coffee, then leaving." I opened the passenger door and
stepped out. "And I certainly won't be coming to work with no goddamned
twinkle in my eye."

"You have a gate key, kid?"

"What gate? No, I don't."

"How'd you expect to get in without a key?" He handed me his gate key,
along with the key to the trailer. "Don't lose them, kid."

The L-shaped Comet's floor-to-ceiling windows afforded a great view of
the traffic. Lisa, her hair tied back, was working the espresso machine.
"I thought that was you." She smiled seeing me, wiping her hands on her
black apron. "What a nice surprise!"

"I think I'm addicted to switchblades?"

She laughed. "I'll make you a just-as-good caramel whipped-creamed decaf
that won't keep you up all night."

"Caffeine doesn't bother me at night."

"A switchblade will. Trust me."

I took a seat next to people sitting alone or sitting alone with someone
else, typing into their laptops, writing on their note pads, texting who
knows whom.

Lisa returned with my coffee and an over-sized brownie.

I took a long sip, nodding my approval.

 "Glad you like it!" She sat opposite. Perspiration beaded on her
 forehead.

 "Is this really a decaf?"

 "I told you that you couldn't tell the difference! Are you working
 overtime tonight?"

I explained my visit with Zachary.

"I'm closing tonight," she said. "Someone called in sick, so I'm working
a triple shift: opening this morning, a day shift, and closing."

"Maybe *you* need one of them switchblades."

 Lisa's phone vibrated. "Now what does he want?"

"Who?"

"Who do you think? He's called three times in the last hour, accusing
*me* of an affair---I have to get back to work. I've already taken my
break, and I can't loiter with customers, no matter how cute." She rose
and kissed me on the cheek. "Thanks for stopping by! Are you still
coming this weekend?"

 "Yes."

 She smiled. "We're leaving Friday night right after work. 5.15. And
 don't be late."
