# Book Two {.bookpart}

## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

"Midway on our life's journey, I found myself in dark woods, the right
road lost." So begins Dante's *Inferno.* I'm sure a normal person,
anxious to experience Dante's Hell, would have skipped the narrator's
self-reflection, but for someone like me, who as Ovid said, "hovers
between the sexes," I paused, wondering where my right road is, what it
looks like, how I would reach it, and if I ever did, how I would I
recognize it.

For me there was (and is) no 'right' road. I was forced to make my own
where none existed, often obscured by mist and pummeled by fierce
storms; hacking away at suffocating underbrush with no guiding lights or
markers, sometimes detoured by self-appointed vigilantes---the high
priests of society, the self-righteous, anointed with the self-certainty
that they alone understood God's order, exhorting me to change, to find
the right road---before it's too late---no matter how painful and
arduous, as if I could choose, as if I had a choice, as if there was
only one road. Sometimes I would see an illusionary path, a clearing.
Sometimes I would help those who, like me, stumbled and faltered when
forced to travel the 'right' road. Sometimes, seeing others travelling
the 'right' road I imagined what that would be like.

I spent a lifetime trying to understand who I am and why 'I found myself
in dark woods, the right road lost.' I spent a lifetime trying to
understand why I was never given a choice. I spent a lifetime trying to
understand why my prison-body announces to the world that I'm a girl,
that I'm supposed to wear girl clothes and do girly things but that I
always knew I was a boy. I spent a lifetime parrying mean-spirited
exhortations to stay on the 'right' road. I spent a lifetime clearing
away "rough and tangled" underbrush trying to survive, trying to find my
own path, my own road, however non-linear, however 'wrong' it may be.

I used to curse God for my long, sleepless nights, nights that seemed
like days, days that seemed like months, not knowing if I was male or
female. But now I'm thankful that I never traveled the 'right' road,
that I "hover between the sexes," that I'm a transgender person. I
marvel at life's wonderful diversity. I listen to the rain. I understand
what it means to love and be loved, to empathize, to be accepted and
rejected, to be despaired and fulfilled, to be male and female.
