## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

The morning began clear and calm, but by 8.00 the winds were gusting to
50 m.p.h., darkening the sky with so much dust and shit, that it looked
like a summer storm rolling in. It should have been a no-brainer to shut
the crane down---any unionized place would've done so---but Phil
insisted that it wasn't that bad, that the crane was away from the
crowded street, shielded from the gusts, and that the wind was blowing
away.

Bullshit.

I squirreled up the crane ladder and banged on the operator's window
urging him to stop.

"I can handle it," he snipped, wiping his forehead, surprised that
anyone would dare question his judgement, especially a lowly laborer
like me, and especially in his private space, his inner sanctuary. "If
it gets bad, I'll stop." Just then a sharp gust ripped the huge American
flag onto the roof of Luke's house.

"If it gets bad? What'd you call this?"

"I've worked in much worse. I'm into to the wind. And besides I've my
orders from Zachary," he shouted, closing his window.

Luke's mother, crouched on her knees, was working her garden. I
scampered down, yelling for her to go inside. She shook her hoe at me,
unfazed by the violent wind, yelling something in Spanish. I had no idea
what she was saying and I'm sure likewise, although my English was
perfectly fine. Frustrated, I searched the front of the bank for Phil or
Zachary or Walter---anyone, but no one was around.

No sooner had I returned when a sharp gust twisted off a terribly large
sheet of metal from the old roof, just missing me as I ducked for cover
but decapitating Luke's mother.

The OHSA, the City Commission, and the mayor's office, officially ruled
the mother's death an accident. Construction is dangerous they said,
people slip, get run over, hit over the head, fall off roofs. They even
blamed the mother for being outside, working her garden---her fault for
growing her own vegetables and living 'too close' to a construction
site.

Bullshit.

This was one accident that shouldn't have happened. At the very least,
the roof should have been secured with any loose shit covered or
removed, *and* the friggin' crane should've been shut down.

Of course Phil refused to allow us to attend the funeral, insisting that
we couldn't afford to fall behind schedule. Really? A poor immigrant
gets decapitated in front of her soon-to-be demolished home and we
couldn't even take an hour off to attend her funeral?

Bullshit.

I told Phil to dock me an hour, two hours, a full day, a week even; I
didn't give a shit. And if he fired me, I would have told every Boston
TV station what really happened.

At the funeral I sat in the back row, inconspicuous---at least I had
thought ---dressed in a white shirt, tie, and black jacket. But as the
Mass began, people started murmuring, whispering, pointing. Suddenly a
middle-aged Spanish dude, sitting in the front row, stood up. Riding a
cascading wave of hatred, he scolded me for 'audaciously' attending a
funeral that 'my company' caused.

I rose, scared; my voice unsure, saying that I was just as outraged,
that I had tried everything in my power to prevent what had happened.

"Yes, that's true," agreed a younger woman standing next to the dude.

"I was in the kitchen," said another. "And I heard him."

"This was an accident that never should've happened," I said, emboldened
by the unexpected support, my voice rising in anger. "I am sorry for her
death. If you want me to leave, I will."

The dude gestured for me not to leave, as did the woman, as did the
priest.

As Mass ended and everyone herded outside, a Channel 56 news reporter
asked for an interview. I reluctantly agreed and was about to speak when
I saw young Alex, confused, crying, arm-in-arm with the angry dude.

I couldn't. Even though it would have been a hell of a story.

Nick was pissed when I returned from the funeral, not so much for
attending ---for he was glad that at least someone from General attended,
although it should've been Zachary or Phil, or both, but for not setting
the sidewalk wire before I left---necessary to ensure that the finished
sidewalk don't crack. Sure, it will eventually as the earth moves and
shifts, but there ain't never been a sidewalk poured without first doing
so---which should have been done yesterday, or the day before, or the
day before that. But every time I had started, Phil sent me off on one
of his wild goose chases---always something more important. So to get it
done---today---and to ensure that Nick didn't have a friggin' heart
attack, I worked through lunch---on my own time.

It's a breeze with two people---which, by the way, is how it should be
done, like jackhammering vertically, or hanging a door, but it was
lunchtime, and no one was around, so to get it done I had to do it
myself. First, I rolled out six feet of wire, then holding it in place
with four sledgehammers---to prevent it from rolling back---I was about
to cut it when someone jerked my shoulder from behind. Assuming it was
Phil pissed that I had attended the funeral, I turned ready to smack
him---someday I will---accidentally letting the wire go, letting it roll
backwards.

Walter was laughing like a bastard. "Why so jumpy, kid? And why you
workin' through lunch? You ain't sick?"

I explained.

"I'm glad someone went. I set up a meetin' for us with Joanna right
after work,"

"I can't."

"Why?"

"I've a basketball game which I can't miss."

"Look kid, if you want to get elected AFL-CIO president, you have to
make a friggin'

name for yourself and get yourself noticed. You need an issue and this
is yours on a silver platter."

"I already have one."

"What? A crane accident? Accidents happen all the time, kid. Not much
you can do. This meetin's too important. There'll be other games. Meet
me at my house at 5.30."

I hesitated. "I ain't got a truck, remember?"

"Then meet me at *my* truck at 4.00 and don't be late. And don't eat
nothin.' Doris cooked a shitload for dinner. And make sure you clean
yourself up; you can't ride with me like that."

We pulled into Walter's garage exactly at 5.00, give or take a few
minutes. Doris was in the breezeway struggling with two large,
overstuffed, foiled-covered trays. I jumped out immediately to help.
Wiping her hands on her apron she smiled and hugged me, smelling of
onions and tomatoes.

"We feeding an 'army?" Walter asked.

Doris frowned, scrunching her overly wrinkled face from one too many
afternoons in the sun. "It's my turn to cook for bridge night; and then
I'll freeze the rest. It's great for leftovers."

"We'll have enough to feed a friggin' army."

"JoJo just called. Her meeting ran late, she's on her way."

"She's always runnin' late."

"Can you two please take these two trays to the backyard picnic table.
There's more coming."

"More?"

I followed Walter into his quarter-acre vegetable garden. "JoJo?"

"Doris calls her that."

"And you?"

"Joanna."

"What about everyone else?"

"Joanna."

"And Zachary?"

Walter stopped at the garden's outer two rows. "That's a good question,
kid," he said, examining several of the brown, wilted corn stalks, as if
searching for gold. "Them two haven't said two words since the will."

"What will?"

"The one I told you about it."

*Yeah along with so much other useless shit.*

"You never payin' attention to nothin' I say. And you expect to be
elected AFL-CIO president without learnin' how to listen? Anthony wanted
the will to accomplish what even God himself couldn't: reconcile father,
son, and granddaughter. But Joanna wanted nothin' to do with her father
or the company. She wanted her own law firm, and, of course, Zachary's
plans never included Joanna. But the will gave them no friggin' choice.
Zachary needed the company for his own ambition and Joanna would never
go against her grandfather's wishes. So the will made Zachary president
and Joanna legal counsel, with each ownin' half the company. Neither
can't do nothin' without the other's consent---and they can't stand each
other---how's that for a friggin' family company?"

Walter then led me through two rows of what had been lettuce, peas, and
radishes; a row of pumpkins, then two rows of squash, proudly rattling
off their names like they were the greatest inventions ever: butternut,
pumpkin, spaghetti, acorn, white zucchini, green zucchini. He offered me
a butternut and an acorn squash to take home.

"No thanks. I only eat stuff straight from the grocery store; that way I
know it's fresh."

Walter shook his head.

The garden's last four rows were tomatoes, with each row seemingly wider
than the last.

We placed the trays on a red-cedar picnic table, strategically located
right in the garden's center. "A Father's Day present from my two boys,"
Walter boasted. "Made it themselves."

"What do you do with all these friggin' tomatoes?"

"What we don't eat right away Doris cans. She makes enough salsa and
spaghetti sauce to last all winter." He picked a dozen ripe tomatoes and
pyramided them next to the trays. He raised one foot onto the table
bench, took out a small saltshaker from his pocket, half-bit into one,
then generously doused it with salt.

"You always carry a saltshaker?"

"I took it from the garage." He plopped the tomato into his mouth,
squirting juice and seeds everywhere. "Nothin' better than a hand-picked
tomato. I'll be pickin' the rest this weekend, if you want any."

"Can't stand the suckers."

Walter wiped his mouth with his sleeve.

"You took a saltshaker, but no friggin' napkin?"

"Can't think of everythin' kid. When the weather's good, Doris and I eat
out here in the garden. Sometimes durin' warm summer nights, you can
even hear the corn growin'."

"Not much privacy with them stalkers! Ha ha!"

"Privacy? *Privacy!* Let me show you somethin'." He quickly led me
through the garden's other side, sidestepping over-ripened tomatoes,
past the outer rows of his garden, to the edge of his property. "Nothin'
makes my blood boil more." He pointed to a video camera resting atop a
twelve-foot wooden pole. "At first, I thought it was the County's
mosquito program, but then my friggin' neighbor tells me that he erected
it, without never sayin' nothin' to me or even askin'."

"It's on his property?"

"That ain't the point kid. He keeps it on all the time pointed at *my*
property."

"How you know it's on? Could just be a decoy?"

"It rotates. You can see it now."

"Then you and Doris should give him some real entertainment."

"Yeah right."

"Caulk it, so he can't see nothing."

"It's on his property."

"Then erect your own camera directly opposite, so he only sees yours."

"He'll move it."

"Then move yours, wheel it on staging."

"Hmmm. Not a bad idea kid."

"Walter?" Doris called from the garage. "I could use your help."

Walter led me back through the rows of tomatoes, the rows of pumpkins
and squash, the rows of what had been lettuce, peas, and radishes. At
the corn stalks he turned and placed his hand on my shoulder. "Just some
advice, kid: If you say somethin' and JoJo don't laugh, don't take it
personally. She don't know how to laugh. None of them Turnuses ever
did."

"You don't exactly have people rolling in the aisles, yourself. And just
yesterday you told me to stay away, that she aint' in my league
remember; now, you're offering advice?"

"I'm just sayin' kid."

Doris entered with a stunningly beautiful woman with shoulder-length
brown hair and flirting, big brown eyes. Almost my height, she wore a
red jacket and black pants. She was talking on her cell phone, waving
one hand emphatically. Finished, she smiled at Walter, stuffed her phone
into her purse and hugged him.

Doris took my arm. "Isn't she beautiful?"

"Yes." I said, a little louder than intended. *Is this the same woman
who was leaning into Walter's truck a while back? It can't be?*

"JoJo, this is Alex Morgan," Walter said. Joanna glanced about, as if
searching for something lost. "The next president of the AFL-CIO."

*Can't he ever just friggin' introduce me as Alex Morgan?*

Joanna smiled, offering her hand, showcasing long, graceful fingers with
bright red nails. "Are they all this cute?" she asked Walter.

"A requirement to work at General," I said; then nodding to Walter, "of
course, there's always exceptions: *He* was grandfathered in long before
he was even a grandfather."

Joanna burst out laughing.

I glanced at Walter who seemed to be busying himself with the
silverware.

"JoJo dear," said Doris, "I would've made something more elaborate, but
on such short notice---just garden vegetables and a corn frittata, and a
lovely dish of sausage, peppers and onions."

"*Lots* of garden vegetables and *lots* of lovely sausage, peppers and
onions," added Walter.

Joanna smiled at me, "This is absolutely wonderful."

Doris and Joanna sat next to each other, and Walter and I sat opposite.
I poured a Coke on ice for Walter, and three glasses of white wine,
while Doris dished the frittata and vegetables. Joanna complimented
Doris on the food, particularly the gouda cheese giving the frittata a
nice smokiness.

"Were you able to find out anything about my neighbor's friggin'
camera?"

"It's legal," Joanna replied. "Anyone can take a picture from their
property."

"Then I can erect stagin' on my property to block it?"

"He can legally monitor your property to protect his but if you
deliberately obfuscate his right, he can sue."

"For what? Doin' something on my own property?"

"Don't be stupid," Doris sipped her wine. "It ain't worth spending *our*
retirement in jail."

"While he buys up your property," I added.

Joanna laughed.

"Isn't she darling?" Doris exclaimed, clasping Joanna's hand.

"As a lawyer," I asked, "don't that camera make you nervous, along with
all them corny stalkers?"

Joanna burst out laughing, coughing, sputtering wine.

"Are you OK?" Doris asked, lightly tapping her back.

"*Corny* *stalkers!"* Joanna repeated, laughing.

"So your father and PCB?" Walter asked. "He ain't bluffin'?"

"CCB," I reminded Walter. "Thank God we weren't acquired by a PCB
company."

Joanna laughed again.

"Alexander, stop making JoJo laugh. She'll never finish her dinner."

"He might be lying, but he's not bluffing," Joanna said, trying to
compose herself. "I conference-called PCB this afternoon---Ha! Now you
have me saying that! Nothing's definite yet, although it looks like the
acquisition is a go. They're still crossing the *t*s and dotting the
*i*s, which might take a while, given their reputation for being
fastidious."

"Will they break us up?" I asked.

"There's nothing to break up; it's not like we're multi-divisional.
We're just one company, but, of course, one of their golden eggs."

"In a meetin' the other day your father said nothin' about no merger.
Then the next mornin' he announces to me and the kid and everyone else
that it's a done deal. Ain't that right, kid?"

"The kid?" Joanna laughed.

I gritted my teeth. "Only *he* can get away with that."

"So, what happened between the meetin' and today?"

"It isn't a done deal," replied Joanna. "There's a lot that can go wrong
(or right) even in this final stage. My father has long known about this
merger proposal. And right now, CCB is concerned about the Teamsters."

"How did they find out so quickly?" I asked.

"They're in the business of information *and* it's their business to
know everything about us." She glared at Walter. "Everything." Joanna's
phone rang. She stood up, excusing herself. It was dark now, but
Walter's floodlights on the roof of his house lit up the backyard as if
high noon. Talking friggin' non-stop on her cell, Joanna plucked a ripe
tomato from an over-extended vine, rubbed it on her jacket and took a
bite. She paced the garden's inner sanctity, talking, slurping her
tomato.

"JoJo, should I reheat your dinner?" Doris asked when she returned.
"It's getting cold?"

She apologized, busying herself with her food; asking for seconds.

"So, JoJo what do you know about CCB?" Walter asked.

"They break up companies, sell the pieces; pretty standard, no
surprises."

"Your father said CCB gave us the green light to expand?" I asked.

"I'm sure he did, but he knows full well that's not how CCB operates.
They're offering him a very attractive package, which he'll use to start
his own construction company." She sipped her wine, staring at Walter.
"But I think he already has."

"Why don't you ask him yourself instead of beatin' around the bush?

"I have. He's denied it."

"Maybe he's tellin' the truth?"

"He never does."

"Your father also said that CCB will increase our profits?" I asked.

"There are good PE companies and bad ones. The good ones pump money in,
transmuting them into something better; the bad ones siphon money out,
regardless of profitability, expecting to earn even more, assuming their
Midas touch can do no wrong. CCB? They acquire super-winners like us,
increasing profits by 15-30% before sucking them dry and collapsing the
company, destroying in two years what it took generations to build; then
moving on to the next profit-making acquisition in a never-ending cycle;
in the meantime, making themselves filthy rich." Joanna sipped her wine.
"If CCB has their way, in two years General will no longer exist. But I
promised my grandfather to keep General private and family owned. And
it's a promise I intend to keep."

"Times change and you have to change with them," Walter said.

"You sound just like my father." Joanna rose checking her text messages,
apologizing to Doris that she couldn't stay, that she was already late
for another meeting.

"You're always having meetins'."

"What do you think we do at foundations?"

"Can't you at least stay for dessert?" Doris asked. "I made apple
crisp, your favorite." Joanna's phone rang; she let it go to
voicemail.

"Just a second," Doris excused herself to the kitchen. "I'll fix you
something to go."

Joanna protested but to no avail.

I suddenly remembered that I was truckless. Before Walter goes to bed,
which should be any minute---after all, it was almost seven---I reminded
him that I needed a ride to the T.

"I'll take you." Joanna smiled. "It's actually right on my way." She
glanced at her watch. "But we have to leave now." Turning to Walter:
"CCB and my father want to destroy General, but I won't let that
happen."

"What are you proposin'?

"Just for starters, a publicity campaign about CCB's track record, while
gathering evidence for a lawsuit."

"A lawsuit? Over what?"

Right now, I can't exactly say, but you'll soon find out."

Doris returned with a large piece of apple crisp and a generous slice of
frittata. "I'd give you some ice cream, but it would melt before you
reached the end of the driveway."

I stood up, eyeing the dessert.

"Alexander, you don't have to leave."

"I'm giving him a ride," noted Joanna.

Doris nudged Walter.

"I'd like to," Joanna insisted, smiling at me.

"Let me get you a piece of apple crisp, Alexander," offered Doris.

"Have Walter bring it in the morning," Joanna said. "I really need to
go; I'm already late."

Walter was itching to say something but whatever it was, it was going to
have to wait.
