## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

Seeing someone's soul is not the same as falling in love. You might
never see a person's soul, yet still fall in love with him; and of
course, you can see someone's soul without ever knowing him, but it's
rare to fall in love *and* see someone's soul---it's magical, you both
know it instantly and there's no turning back. And no, my first time
wasn't with Terry; although, yes, of course, I was very much physically
attracted to him---who wouldn't be? ---but it wasn't until much later
that I saw (and liked) who he really was.

I was a junior in high school returning by train from Columbia
University. Terry had already accepted a full (academic) scholarship to
Princeton to play football, and although I was also accepted to
Princeton, I was looking at Columbia for its pre-law program (a strong
attractor: a well-known TG Boston attorney whom I admired had graduated
from Columbia's law school, and she offered a letter of recommendation).

Outside it was snowing: a quick-moving storm barreling up I-95, as if it
knew where to go; inside, I was comfortably warm, dozing off with *The
New York Times,* losing my battle to stay awake. Suddenly the train
lurched. I sprang up, worried that I had overslept and had missed my
stop. I tripped on the leg of the guy next to me, stumbling into the
aisle. Embarrassed, I apologized. He smiled, helping me up. In that
split second when our eyes met, we connected. Intimately.

He quietly re-assured me that we were only in New Haven. I brushed my
hair back, smiled and sat down. He was a freshman at Boston College,
returning from a family visit to New York. We talked about everything
(well, almost everything). At the 128 Junction---his stop---I rose with
him, assuming we would leave together, as if that was the most natural
thing in the world. But his expression abruptly changed---like he had
peered deep into my soul and saw something terribly wrong. (Maybe I had
inadvertently said something? But at least as far as I could recall, my
words, gestures, and thoughts were nothing but normal?) He left without
saying anything. Without even a goodbye. Without even asking for my
phone number. I was stunned. Even as he stepped onto the platform, as
the train slowly pulled away, I thought he was testing to me to see my
reaction, and that he would quickly return.

I never saw him again.

Of course, afterwards I felt guilty about betraying Terry, even though
nothing had happened (although he had nudged his leg against
mine)---that's just the person I am. It was a lapse in judgement; a
lapse that I promised to eventually confess to Terry. But I never got
the chance.

The last thing I expected (or wanted) at Walter's garden was to fall in
love, especially with a laborer from my grandfather's construction
company. Not that I'm class conscious or anything like that---I honestly
could care less---although I guess I never really thought about it. And
no, it wasn't because of Alexander's GQ looks---I've dated others in
that mold---Terry for one. Nor was it his ambition---Terry was set to
begin pre-med at Princeton. But in that split second when our eyes met,
in that moment of blurred past, present and future, there was no
quizzical look, no damming look of shame, only deep and connected
acceptance. Alexander understood and accepted me for who I was. I knew
that.

Everyone in New England knew (or assumed) that my father was super rich,
and that so was I. Guys wanted to date me just for *his* money, without
caring who *I* was. But even though we had intimately connected at the
soul, and Alexander was sweeter and more innocent than anyone I had ever
met, and unlike most people, didn't initially pull back, I had to be
sure.

"What's it like working for my father?" I asked, as we pulled away from
Walter's driveway.

"Your father? Since I started at General, I've only seen him
twice---both in the last two

days."

"That's more than I've seen him."

"I thought you worked with him?"

"We work for the same company---my grandfather's---but I don't work
*with* him. We don't get along---we never have."

"Why? I can't imagine a father ever disliking his daughter, even if she
was an axe murderer."

"I might be a lot of things," I said, half-laughing. "But not an axe
murderer."

"That's good to know."

A red light.

I admired Alexander's deep tan that would linger well into the winter;
his soft, playful brown hair that most women would consider a tad too
long, combed straight back, pillowed against his ears, loose strands
taking a life of their own, sometimes moving in one direction as he
talked, sometimes unexpectedly in another.

Alexander's T stop was two blocks ahead.

My phone rang. I answered, promising to call back, then stuffed my phone
in my purse.

"Alexander, I have to tell you something. My father...My father and I
don't get along. We never have...I legally cut myself off from his
will."

"Really?" He smiled at me. "I think that's cool."

"*You think* *that's* *cool?*"

"Yes. And after meeting your father, I kind of understand why."

"So that doesn't bother you?"

"Of course not. Why would it? In fact, it makes things a lot easier. So
how about skipping your meeting and going for a drink?"

"I'd absolutely love to, but I can't. How about a raincheck? This
weekend?"

Alexander frowned. "It's my sister-in-law's 30^th^ birthday and we're
all celebrating in New Hampshire, at her parents."

"New Hampshire? Whereabouts?"

"Lake Winnipesaukee."

"*Lake Winnipesaukee*? Really! Where? My grandfather used to take me
swimming there when I was a little girl."

Alexander shrugged. "Not exactly sure. All my sister-in-law said was
that it's near a lighthouse."

"Spindle Point! I know exactly where that is!"

He reminded me (politely) that I had passed his T stop. I circled back,
put my car in neutral, reached over and kissed him. *Delicious!* "I have
to go---so, I'll see you Sunday night when you return, for a drink?"

Alexander smiled. "Just one?"
