## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

If Lisa says 5:15, she means 6:15. Throw in an additional fifteen
minutes for good measure and you have on-time expected departure of
6.30. No problem if you plan ahead. But as everyone knows, the longer it
takes them to do anything---especially packing for an out-of-state
trip---although it was just to New Hampshire---still a major ordeal for
them, the greater the odds of a major blowout. In fact, I was expecting
Lisa to call, upset, apologizing for a major rift, that they weren't
speaking to each other---certainly not the first time---and that the
friggin' Lake trip was cancelled. But unfortunately, no calls. They
picked me up exactly at 6.30, as expected.

Lisa blamed Derek for being late and of course, Derek blamed Lisa; and
I'm sure they had earlier blamed me, as if I had anything to do with it.

The first fifteen minutes or so of our drive to the Lake was quiet,
although not exactly tranquil---it never is---since at any moment either
one, or both, could erupt, over any issue. And sure enough, we were just
getting onto 128, when Lisa matter-of-factly said that she had forgotten
her makeup bag and had to go back. Granted, that would be enough to
start an argument between most couples but Derek, as usual, turned it up
a notch, asking why she needed makeup in the middle of the woods,
accusing Lisa of an affair, which really pissed her off. Her anger
escalated. As did his. The only good thing about that intense, emotional
fight was that it quickly burned itself out, although the cinders were
never dormant.

I've dated enough women to know that they carry a lot more shit in their
makeup bag than just makeup---like birth control pills, which explains
why Lisa was so adamant and why we turned back.

Back on the road again, heading north, neither Derek nor Lisa said
anything for quite a while. Certainly not because they had exhausted
every arguable issue, for there's always a nuance, a new twist to any
half-lingering, long-simmering issue. Nevertheless, it was nice to have
some relative peace and quiet. I stretched my legs and tried to make
myself as comfortable as I could in the backseat of Derek's Jetta. I
shut my phone off, leaned against the window and was soon asleep.

"Even the New Hampshire smells better!" Lisa exclaimed lowering her
window.

I sat up, assuming we had arrived, but we were only at a toll booth,
just over the state line. I suddenly remembered Lily. "Shit!" I said
louder than expected. *How could I have forgotten about her?* Especially
when I had taped a reminder to my bathroom mirror?

"You forget something?" Lisa asked, practically craning into the back
seat, as if she already knew the answer.

I clicked on my cell phone. Four messages from Lily. *Christ!* The first
asking where I was, nicely. The last pissed as hell. If I had texted
Lily right then and there, she'd assume I didn't have the balls to call,
but how could I call with Lisa practically hovering over me?

"I was supposed to meet this union organizer tonight after work," I
said, rereading Lily's texts. "And I completely forgot."

"Male or female?" Lisa asked.

"Huh?"

"What difference does that make?" demanded Derek.

Their anger was escalating. So typical.

"Both," I said.

"*Both*?" asked Lisa. "How could he---or she---be both?"

"Probably one of them transgenders." mocked Derek.

"Don't even talk about those weirdos," Lisa said.

"I was supposed to meet *two* Teamsters to talk about organizing
General: One female, one male. I completely forgot."

"I can turn around?" Derek offered.

Lisa nudged him hard.

I leaned back, texting Lily, carefully mulling over every word. But how
could I tell her the truth? That I met this seductive, intriguing,
intelligent woman, with tattoos and piercings, who had the balls to
disinherit her father's fortune, and now I'm heading to the Lake with my
sister-in-law who desperately wants to fuck me? So instead I texted that
I completely forgot about this New Hampshire family reunion. Lame, I
know.

"Really????" Lily texted back.

Lisa sighed, stretched back, folding her arms.

Women have a sixth sense: if you lie about work or shit no big deal but
if you lie about them or another woman, they know instantly, and usually
long before you tell them.

Derek was rambling about some unionization attempt at his workplace;
although I wasn't quite sure, staring out the window, mentally replaying
everything that had happened the last few days, wondering how I could
have forgotten about Lily; and wishing that Derek had indeed turned
back.

Derek abruptly slammed the brakes, bringing the Jetta to a complete
stop.

"Jesus Derek!" Lisa screamed. "What the hell are you doing?"

"I'm driving, and then all of sudden we're on this cliff?"

"What cliff? This is a road, you idiot! We're on the top of a very steep
hill."

Lisa was right, although I could easily see how Derek mistook this for a
cliff, especially after driving for almost three hours and now on a road
with no streetlights.

"Our cabin's at the bottom of this road, after it winds around a bit,"
said Lisa.

In front of us, stretched a large lake almost to the horizon, shimmering
under the moon-lit sky.

"Where are the streetlights in this God-forsaken place?" Derek snipped.

"There aren't any. This is a remote road, only used by people living
here."

"I still don't see why we couldn't stay with your parents," said Derek.

"I told you a thousand times: They're redoing their bathroom and with my
nieces and nephews staying, there's no room for us."

Just then Derek hit a big pothole, then swerved to avoid another.

"You idiot!" Lisa screamed. "Watch where you're going!"

"It was in the middle of the road! You want me to drive in the woods?"

At the bottom of the hill, the paved road with potholes curved sharply
to the left, giving way to a gravel road with potholes.

Lisa opened her window ushering in pine-scented air. "Look for Number
197; it's on the right."

"Did you grab the bait?" Derek asked Lisa.

"What bait?"

"The bait I had left in the refrigerator."

"You left bait in the refrigerator? Our refrigerator?"

"I assumed you packed it when I saw the refrigerator empty."

"I didn't see any bait and if I did, I would've thrown it out---that's
so disgusting."

"*You* must have taken it, because had I put it there when I came home
from work. Then I when I went to get it, it was gone, so I assumed that
*you* had packed it."

"I threw out some old, Chinese food-looking containers."

"That *was* the bait! I can't believe you threw out sixty dollars of
bait."

"Sixty dollars!" Lisa screamed. "You spent sixty dollars on bait! Are
you nuts?"

Derek hit the brakes, then reversed. "I'm going into town."

"What! Are you crazy? Nothing's open this time of night!"

"Relax Derek. In the morning I'll help you dig for worms."

"I use leeches."

"Leeches! You put leeches in our refrigerator?---Slow down! Number 197!
You just passed it, you idiot. Back up! The driveway's on the right."

*If I wasn't so tired, I would've left right then, truck or no truck.*
"Relax Derek, I'll help you dig for leeches in the morning."

Derek abruptly stopped at metal chain strewn between two birch trees
blocking the driveway. "If this God-forsaken place's so remote, why's it
padlocked?"

Lisa turned to me. "The key's next to the birch tree on the right, in a
small envelope."

"Brilliant," Derek muttered. "Why even bother?"

I stepped out, stretching my legs, relieved to be out of that tense,
uptight, intensifying atmosphere, even if just for a moment. I unlocked
the chain and wrapped it around the left birch tree, then waved Derek
on.

"Don't get lost," Lisa smiled playfully.

*If only I could.*

Birch and pine trees crowded both sides of the driveway, steeply
descending to the cabin, with the shimmering Lake just beyond. Pinecones
mixed with red and yellow leaves blanketed the ground. The night air was
still.

The cabin, recently painted a rich chocolate brown, stood about thirty
feet from the water's edge. I hesitate to use the word 'painted', since
I could've done better blindfolded. Streaks were everywhere, brown paint
slapped over green windowsills.

The back door was locked--- or was it the front door? I had always
assumed that the front door had the street number, except if you live on
a lake, I guess, then the lakeside becomes the front? A barely
noticeable '197,' was here in back, so this must be front door, although
I've seen better back doors that actually looked more like front doors.

I walked around to the 'back' finding the 'back' door on the side of the
house, opening to a screened-in porch and then a cramped, living room,
faintly smelling of burnt logs and Pine-Sol. A stone fireplace jutted
from the knotty pine wall, seemingly the living room's main attraction.
Three blue, plastic chairs with a matching loveseat lined the opposite
wall, bare except for a 3'×5' painting of two loons. Next to the
painting was an old-fashioned dial phone.

"Wonder if it works!" Lisa slowly dialed.

My cell phone rang.

"Hello? Hello?" Lisa repeated. "Voices on the other end? What are they
doing on our line? And at this time of night?"

The too-small kitchen barely contained an old-fashioned gas stove, a
sink, and the tiniest table ever made, sitting only one and a half
people, who had to be really small to sit comfortably. A narrow
passageway led to two small bedrooms, each with a set of bunks and a
dresser. Sandwiched between the bedrooms was a tiny bathroom.

"Where's the shower?" asked Derek.

"We use the Lake."

"I thought people drink from it?" I asked Lisa.

"It's spring-fed."

They took one bedroom and I the other. I laid down on the short, narrow
bed---obviously not made for anyone over six feet. I faintly heard Lisa
say goodnight.

I was wide awake at 5:30. Needing a shower, I remembered Lisa saying to
use the Lake. Fuck that. I made a pot of coffee, filled my cup, grabbed
a pen and paper and headed outside. The eastern sky seemed to be
brightening, although perhaps I was only wishing so, so I could do my
obligatory fishing with Derek and then get the hell out of here.

Yellow-leaved birch trees arched over the water, their roots tenaciously
clinging to boulders along the shore. A wooden rowboat was moored to a
long, aluminum dock that protruded like a matchstick into the still,
pre-dawn air.

It looked like we were in a large bay. Straight ahead, about 120 yards
or so, was a tall black and white marker, and just beyond, a footbridge
that connected the mainland to a small island. Gentle hills, ablaze with
red and orange, ringed the shore in every direction.

I inched along the aluminum dock, creaking and shifting with every step,
worried that one wrong step would inadvertently plunge me and the dock
into the water. Finally, making it to the dock's end, I sat down and
dipped my feet into the crystal-clear water, surprised by its warmth. A
crayfish clutching a minnow darted along the sandy bottom.

I wrote Derek's list for October 12, 2017:
 
- Wish Lisa Happy Birthday
- Have sex
- Get up
- Take a leak
- Read this friggin' list
- Give Lisa birthday present
- Pay Alex twenty dollars
- Have coffee with Alex
- Dig for friggin' leeches
- Breakfast
- Take a leak
- Fish
- Lunch
- Take another friggin' leak
- Nap

Still nursing my coffee, I felt the dock squeaking and moaning.

"I'm going into town for some leeches," Derek said, his booming voice
echoing across
the hills. "You coming?"

"Keep your voice down for Christ's sake. Relax---it's Lisa's birthday.
Have some coffee and enjoy the morning with me. When Lisa wakes up,
we'll go into town and have breakfast, then get your friggin' leeches.
We'll make it a fun morning."

"I'm here to fish."

"The fish can wait."

"Morning is the best time."

"Then fish tomorrow morning."

"The winds are changing with the storm coming in tonight, and then who
knows where the fish will be."

"In the water?" I handed Derek his to-do list which he promptly crumpled
and tossed in the boat.

"We don't exchange presents."

"Are you shitting me? After spending sixty dollars on bait?"

'Fifty-six dollars."

"Christ almighty!

"I'm here to fish."

"Then buy her something in town: roses, a gift certificate for dinner, a
manicure---anything. Don't come back empty-handed."

"I only have enough cash for the bait."

I handed him my credit card, which Derek snatched storming to the Jetta.
He slammed shut the door and sped up the driveway, spewing pebbles and
pinecones.

The warm morning promised a hot and hazy day. I stripped to my underwear
and dove into the water. It was surprisingly warm---like a bath. I swam
past boulders, rocks, pinecones, crayfish, minnows. When I surfaced
about thirty yards away, treading water, I noticed Lisa perched on the
dock's edge, wearing a red, see-through negligee.

"Come on in!" I said, knowing full well that she doesn't swim. "The
water's like a bath."

"Are you kidding?" Lisa glanced at her watch, folding her arms, pacing
the end of the dock, while I swam back slowly, dogpaddling, flipping
onto my back like a dolphin, swimming backwards, squirting long arcs of
fresh water.

On the dock Lisa wrapped a beach towel around me and kissed me.

"Mr. Suspicious," I said, "who suspects you sleeping with everyone,
including me, sees you in a see-through negligee as he's leaving for
town?"

"It's only see-through if you care what's underneath."

"What makes you so sure he ain't at the top of the driveway waiting?"

"Are you kidding? All he only cares about his stupid bait. That's all he
talked about last night." Lisa glanced at her watch, tugging me toward
the cabin.

I noticed a fair-sized bruise on her forearm.

"It's not what you think," Lisa said, noticing my concern. "Last
night---didn't you hear the commotion? I was sure I woke you? I was
going to the bathroom and stepped on a mouse or some disgusting thing. I
screamed and must've banged my arm on the bureau." Lisa held the cabin
door open, smiling. "But I knew *exactly* what I was doing cleaning out
the refrigerator."

"And forgetting your makeup bag?"

"Actually, *that* was an accident." She led me through the living room,
past the too-small kitchen, into the narrow hallway. On the wall was a
photo of an older man proudly displaying an oversized catfish, or was it
a carp? No, it was definitely a catfish---at least two feet long. I
didn't know that catfish were that big? Or maybe it was some type of
fish that I was not familiar with? Perhaps a river monster? Unique to
the Lake? The black and white tiled floor hinted of lemon, as if
recently washed. Several tiles were irregular, haphazardly pointing
different ways; one was chipped with its jagged edge pointing upwards.
"Did you see this?" I knelt down and bent off the jagged edge, doing my
best to smooth the remaining piece.

Lisa pulled me into the hot, stuffy bedroom. She opened the window,
pointing to a small hole in the screen, "Last night, a chipmunk or a
squirrel or something was trying to get in."

"My phone? I must've left it on the dock?"

"What? It'll be fine there."

I pushed back. "I don't want some eagle flying off with it. I've seen
eagles carrying fish bigger than my phone."

"They can't eat a phone." Lisa sighed.

The phone was right where I had deliberately left it: underneath the
rowboat's middle seat, safely hidden from predators. An older gentleman,
fishing---I'm sure using worms like everyone else---from a small,
electric-powered dingy chugged by, resembling the man in the hallway
photo. I asked if he had any luck. No, he hurriedly replied, and rather
rudely I thought, abruptly turning towards the black and white marker.

Returning to the cabin, I noticed about a dozen pinecones pyramided,
each with its fat end facing me. I pulled the bottom cone, collapsing
the pile. A chipmunk popped from a neighboring hole, then disappeared. I
plunged in a long stick, hoping to jab it, but no luck.

"Alexander?" Lisa implored, impatiently holding open the screen door in
her red, see-through negligee.

She led me through the narrow hallway, over the chipped tiles, past the
photo of the man with the catfish into her bedroom. She pulled me close,
kissing me. She ripped off my shorts. I slipped off her negligee,
nudging us onto the bed.

"My condoms?"

"Where are they?"

"In my wallet, on my bureau."

Lisa sprang up, and just as quickly returned with a condom and Lily's
business card. "Lily? Who's this?"

*Are you friggin' kidding me?* "One of the Teamsters' organizers that I
was supposed to meet last night."

Lisa sighed, gently sliding us onto the mattress. She slid on top of me.
Her warm body felt good. She fiddled with the condom, finally slipping
it on.

A chipmunk stuck his face in the window, chattering, nudging the screen.

"It *is* a chipmunk," I said.

Lisa giggled, "It's definitely bigger than a chipmunk!"

"No, at the window."

She screamed, throwing a pillow, missing. I hurled another, knocking the
chipmunk off. She slid back on top of me. Her warm body felt good. Just
then we heard a distant car approaching.

"It can't be him?" Lisa glanced at her watch. "He shouldn't be back for
another thirty minutes?" We laid still, certain the car would continue
on the graveled road, past the driveway, towards another cabin. But the
car slowed, paused at the driveway entrance, then sped down, crunching
gravel and sputtering pinecones.

"That asshole!" Lisa yelled, scrambling to get up.

I threw on my shorts, raced down the hallway, through the living room,
onto the dock, then into the water. I swam along the sandy bottom as far
as I could, surfacing about 40 yards away, surprised that I could swim
that far; treading water, catching my breath, staring at the black and
white marker looming large, afraid to turn to the cabin, certain that
Derek was on the dock with a shotgun.

Alexander?" Lisa called.

I reluctantly turned. Lisa stood alone on the dock's edge, wearing jean
shorts and a gray hoodie. "That wasn't Derek. It was a black Lexus with
Massachusetts plates."

My heart stopped. "A black Lexus? Did she stop?"

"She?" Lisa asked suspiciously.

"He/she/they? Did *they* stop?"

"I couldn't make out his face, but he definitely had a beard or
moustache or something. He drove down the driveway, slowly as if looking
for someone or something, like he was casing the place---but why would a
Lexus driver want to rob a rental? I was just about to call the police
when he turned abruptly and left."

"Maybe he was a Mafia guy looking for Derek?"

"I wish."
