## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

"Let's make breakfast for Lisa." I immediately said to Derek when he
returned from town.

"I'm not hungry."

"I am. *And* so is Lisa."

"How would you know?"

Just then Lisa slammed open the porch screen door. "Where're the keys to
the Jetta?"

"In the car," said Derek matter-of-factly from the rowboat, not noticing
that Lisa had been crying, that she was still fighting back tears,
terribly oblivious that this was one of those fork-in-the-road moments.

"I'm meeting my sister in town for breakfast," said Lisa.

"Why don't we all go?" I said, hoping to get the weekend off to a good
start, forgetting that it couldn't have begun any shittier, leaving even
the most optimistic amongst us---me---with a sinking feeling that we've
already seen the best.

Lisa hesitated, pausing on that precarious metaphorical bridge, hoping
for an unexpected yes from Derek, but that bridge was about to
give---obvious to everyone but Lisa---plunging her into the raging chaos
below.

"I'm here to fish, and besides, I thought we were eating here?"

"You think breakfast just cooks itself?" Lisa cried, storming away.

If what was supposed to have happened didn't just happen---although I
never should have let it *almost* happen---I would've gone with Lisa and
spent the whole morning with her and her sister visiting every friggin'
shop in town, or whatever else she wanted to do.

"Why not just *you two* go?" I said loud enough for Lisa to hear, hoping
that she'd stop or that Derek, at least, would do as expected and go
with her.

"This morning's the only time I can fish," he said without emotion.

*How can anyone be so stupid?*

"How could you not notice what she was wearing?" I asked, hearing the
Jetta start.

"Dirty, stinking sweats? That's all she ever wears."

*What?*

"Are you coming?"

*As if I had a choice?* I stepped into the rowboat, already regretting
my decision not to go with Lisa. I locked the oars in place, aligned the
bow with the black and white marker, and the stern with the screen porch
and began rowing.

"Head to the marker," Derek said.

The bay, or cove, as Lisa called it, was about a half-mile wide, ringed
by cabins, some quite small, others too large and out of place. To my
left was a public beach and to my right the cove opened to a larger bay.
Rising behind our cabin was the long, steep road that we descended last
night, although in the daylight it didn't seem that long or that steep.

The sun was rising above the red and yellow hills, transforming the
cement-grey water into a translucent blue green. The brooding silence
was punctuated by the dip-pull of the oars.

"Did you at least get her something?" I asked.

Derek handed me my credit card. "It didn't go through."

"What?"

"It didn't go through."

"Sonofabitch."

A loon bobbed on the water, laughing, diving; re-surfacing about ten
yards away. A lone dog relentlessly barked, echoing through the hills.

"So you didn't get her anything?"

"I got her an IOU for a manicure."

"That should go over well."

I noticed that my texts to Lily had finally gone through. She had read
them, only responding to the last: 'DON'T BOTHER!!!!' And three texts
from Joanna, all within the last thirty minutes. The first: 'Such a
beautiful day! Got up early. Decided to drive to the Lake!' My heart
skipped a beat or two. Was that her Lexus? But Lisa said the driver had
a beard? The second text: "Where are you? I'll stop by to say hello if
that's OK!" And the third: "I'm at the Center Restaurant. Stop by if
you're out and about."

"Sorry, just getting your messages," I texted back. "Really bad service.
My brother and I are fishing in the cove near the lighthouse."

She immediately texted back a smiley face.

The sturdy black and white marker stood erect, extending several feet
below the surface, cabled to cinder blocks heaped on the sandy bottom. I
was amazed at the water's clarity: at least thirty feet deep and I could
easily see the bottom.

"Black and white means pass to the north and east," Derek said, as if
common knowledge.

"I thought it was west and south?"

"Head towards the bridge, slowly. And be on the lookout for two huge
boulders. They come out of nowhere."

A slight breeze rippled the otherwise smooth water. The island ahead had
three small cabins, partially obscured by birch and maple trees. The
birches had lost most of their yellow leaves, but the maples were bright
red. Suddenly a huge boulder appeared, just as Derek said, barely
beneath the surface. I braced, expecting it to gash our hull, sinking us
in thirty feet of water but we passed unscathed. Barely.

"There's another just ahead, starboard."

"Starboard?"

"To the right."

We passed just to the left. We dropped anchor between the two boulders,
quickly catching about a dozen walleye. I threw the small ones out,
keeping four of the largest, stashing them in the fish basket attached
to the stern, exactly where an engine would've been if we had one.

"Let's head to the lighthouse," said Derek.

For once I didn't argue: The quicker we reached the lighthouse, the
quicker we'd fill up the fish basket, the quicker we'd return to the
cabin and cook breakfast, and the quicker I'd get the hell out of here.

"I'm after big-mouth bass; that's why I got the leeches. And they're
near the lighthouse. Pass under the bridge and it's straight ahead."

Easier said than done. We had to limbo low to pass under the
railroad-timbered bridge, and still got stuck, having to push up on the
bridge and down on the boat to get out.

Ahead loomed a white-stucco lighthouse perched on the tip of a long,
narrow spit, with the open lake beyond. I rowed fast. The August-like
sun was hot. Sea gulls floated lazily; gentle swells lapped from the
open lake. Reaching the spit, I anchored in about two feet of water.
Derek immediately cast toward shore and I opposite toward the open lake,
trying to forget what just happened with Lisa---or what didn't just
happen.

A powerful motorboat roared along the southern shore.

"Wonder how much gas it takes to fill that sucker?" mused Derek.

"Must be nice *just* to have a friggin' motor."

The boat abruptly changed direction, heading straight toward us at full
speed.

"Christ, the fuckin' Marine Patrol." Derek scrambled for the bait box,
retrieved our fishing license, waving it at me. "This is what they
want."

The powerful, cigar-shaped boat leveled off about forty yards away, its
twin engines gurgling and sputtering. Derek was muttering something
about the boat's horsepower, but I was focused on the shapely, red
bikini-clad woman wearing a half-unzipped, white windbreaker. "Since
when does the Marine Patrol dress like that?" I asked.

"They dress like that and nab you for every violation."

"She can nab me all she wants."

The woman thrust the engine into reverse, then shut it off. She
scrambled to the bow. "Alexander! Hello!"

"Joanna?"

Stunning in her red bikini, she waved us over. "It's a perfect day for a
boat ride. The Lake's smooth as glass! Come on!"

"You coming?" I asked Derek, grabbing my cell phone and wallet.

He cast toward the shore. "I'm here to fish."

"Fine. See you back at the cabin." I stepped into the water and waded
towards Joanna's boat, gingerly side-stepping rocks and unannounced
boulders.
