## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

"How deep is it?" I called out to Joanna, spotting her some thirty yards
away.

With one hand holding her nose, and the other straight up like an arrow,
she lowered herself, standing in what appeared to be five feet of water.

I dog-paddled toward her, while she swam towards me with fast, powerful
strokes.

"Where'd you learn to swim so well?" Joanna asked, laughing when she
reached me, not exactly halfway.

I treaded water, trying to catch my breath. "I can dog-paddle with the
best of them."

Joanna wrapped her arms and legs around me. "This is the deepest part of
the lake, two hundred and fifty-two feet."

"I thought you were just standing?"

She laughed, slipping off my trunks. I unstrapped her bikini, pressing
her close to me, cushioning her with my arm, trying to stay afloat,
trying to keep us both afloat, trying to keep her body from turning;
water streaming into my nose. Her warm body felt good. She treaded water, holding me tight, kissing me, submerging us; I wanted to
apologize that I came too quickly, wanting to keep going, wanting to say
that I had enough gas for seconds and even thirds, but a strong breeze
picked up pushing the boat away.

"I hope that's just a prelude," she said, kissing me.

The breeze was strengthening. Joanna swam steadfastly toward the boat.
By the time I reached the ladder she had secured the anchor, which
indeed was loose, or perhaps as Joanna said it was never secure, given
that we were in the deepest part of the lake. She smiled seeing me,
helping me up the ladder. She wrapped a large beach towel around us,
pulling me closer, smiling with her flirting brown eyes.

If there is anything that I ever said in my life that I wished I
could've taken back before I said it, it was what I was about to say.
I'm still not sure why I said *anything*, when nothing would have been
best. Perhaps deep inside I was afraid of Joanna, although exactly why I
wasn't sure? Perhaps everything that Walter had said about her was true,
even the stuff I didn't want to believe? Even still, I thought I said it
in innocent fun, but that's not how Joanna took it. "Doesn\'t *The
Godfather* end when Michael, alone at the lake, kills his brother?"

"What?" She pushed herself away. "What are you saying? Are you implying
that I would do something like that? What on earth made you say that? Of
all the things to say to me!"

Before I could even think of apologizing, she strapped on her bikini and
dove over the engines, swimming fast toward the lighthouse. I expected
her any minute to turn around, swim back and embrace me as if nothing
had happened, but her speed seemed to be increasing. OK, that was a
stupid thing for me to say and now she's pissed. I get it. But what was
she trying to prove?

A phone was ringing. In the glove compartment. In Joanna's purse. I
picked up. The line clicked. A voice message. Someone named Rachel.

I sifted through keys, lipstick, mascara, nail polish, loose change, not
sure if I should be going through a woman's purse, not even sure what I
was looking for. Perhaps a hint, a clue, why she left so abruptly and
where she could have possibly gone. I found a reservation for the
Laconia 401 for this evening. A man's wallet---what was she doing with a
man's wallet?---but with her license and credit cards and one hundred
fifty dollars in cash. A pair of boxers folded tightly. What the hell?
Is she seeing someone else? Then a small package, wrapped in newspaper:
a leather pouch sealed with wax. Inside, was a razor-sharp, never-used
knife. I shivered. Now everything made sense. That's why she exploded
when I asked about *The Godfather*. That's why she took me to the
deepest part of the lake. She's toying with me. She's clever, giving me
a chance to say no, to back out. Maybe she hates men, only pretending to
like them, has sex, kills them, then keeps their underwear as a
souvenir?

I took a Narragansett from the cooler and tried to figure out what the
hell had just happened and what the hell I should do. Maybe I was
overreacting? Maybe this was her way of letting off steam? I decided to
give her a few moments to get everything out of her system and if she
didn't come back, I'd go after her. The strong breeze had subsided. It
was hot even in the shade. Gentle swells rocked the boat.
\

A loud, thunder-like clap jolted me awake. Joanna starting the engine?
But the boat was empty and no sign of her. A menacing thunderstorm was
billowing to the north. Scanning the Lake, I called the Marine Patrol,
describing Joanna, asking if anyone had seen her. Nothing. They promised
to search for her, warning of an approaching severe storm and to seek
shelter immediately.

*No shit.*

I turned the ignition key. The engines clapped loudly---Christ almighty.
Inching the throttle forward, I noticed laminated instructions taped
just beneath the ignition:

> Open engine hood.
> Turn on blower and keep on at least two minutes.
> Press Choke.
> Turn key to start both engines. If not, repeat.

\noindent
*Too friggin' late.*

Another loud thunderclap. I chugged the boat in a broad circle now
assuming the worst. Maybe she hit her head on a rock? Maybe she was
eaten by a deep-water fish, or run over by a boat? No sign of Joanna or
anyone else for that matter. Then I spotted something
bobbing off to the right. Joanna gasping for air? But it turned out to
be a huge log. What the hell was *that* doing in the middle of the Lake?
Suddenly the boat lurched to a halt, the motor chattering like a muffled
Skil-Saw. Another log? I checked the depth-meter---three feet. What the
fuck? I was just in the deepest part of the Lake---Joanna had said so
herself and now I'm in three feet of water? Rocks were everywhere, some
with barely exposed tops. The left engine had become wedged between two
rocks, its propeller gashed, and the right propeller was chipped.
Another loud thunderclap. I stepped into the water and was surprised
that without my weight, the propeller immediately became unstuck. I
pushed the boat toward deeper water, then climbed in. I lifted the
engine hood, expecting the worst, but the floorboards seemed to be
intact with no apparent structural damage other than the propeller.

I started the boat, this time following the laminated instructions.
Checking the depth-meter and the rearview mirror while searching the
water ahead, I guided the boat slowly, toward the lighthouse, wishing I
was heading in the opposite friggin` direction, toward the open blue sky.
