## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

Locked in my Australian crawl, I could have beaten anyone, even my
grandfather (although surprisingly we had never raced). If the Olympic
trials were held that morning, I would have easily made the team; and if
I hadn't strayed off course, scraping my knee on the rocks just north of
Governors Island, I would've reached the Center Restaurant at the tip of
Meredith Bay in record time, although not exactly a record to be proud
of.

I stumbled over the rocks, my legs like jelly, my heart sinking,
distraught that I had actually swam this far.

"Are you OK?" called a male voice in a southern drawl. I assumed it was
Alexander's brother, but it was an older, smaller-framed man, with
thin-wired glasses, squinting from the mid-day sun, approaching in a
small dinghy powered by an electric motor; I'm sure wondering why a
tattooed, bikini-clad woman was struggling on the shoals.

I forced a smile as the old man helped me into his boat. My left knee
was bleeding; thankfully not deep, just a lot of blood. While he dressed
and bandaged it, I introduced myself, explaining what had happened. He
asked if I was related to Anthony Turnus. Of course, he knew my
grandfather---who didn't? And it seems that they were good friends (he
smiled when I explained the significance of my middle name) although it
was strange that I never heard my grandfather talk about him. The man
was a retired pilot for the *Sophie C* and sometimes for the *Doris C*
(mailboat for the Lake islands and tourist boat, respectively) and often
spotted my grandfather swimming, sometimes veering slightly off course
so its steep wake wouldn't swamp my grandparents' boat.

The old man told me that since retiring, he had been fishing full-time
professionally, often entering fishing contests (which he usually won),
and working as a fishing guide, spending the ice-free months on the
Lake, then fishing Louisiana's bayous. He showed me several catfish that
he had caught earlier that morning, just off Stonedam Island, inviting
me to his home (on the mainland of Sally's Gut) that evening for a
wonderful-sounding jambalaya and catfish pie that his Louisiana-born
wife would soon be making. I told him my affection for southern cooking;
about my good friend Eliot; and what I had made for Alexander. His wife
would especially enjoy meeting me, the old man said.

The sky was darkening, the thunderclaps becoming louder. The old man
warned of the impending storm, with wind gusts approaching hurricane
strength. I reluctantly declined his dinner offer, gave him my cell
phone number, and promised a rain check. Soon. Before Christmas.

Just then we heard a loud engine roar, sounding like my boat. Indeed it
was Alexander, slowly chugging toward us.

"Is that yours?" asked the old man. "It seems to be listing?"

Yes, the boat was listing to the right, the engines gurgling, fluming
water in a high arc. Another loud thunderclap. Alexander killed the
engines. The old man hurriedly pulled alongside the stern.

"Where the hell were you?" demanded Alexander, unfazed by the old man's
presence. "I've been looking everywhere."

"Will *you* be OK?" the old man asked, as Alexander helped me up the
ladder.

"Yes. Thank you." I bid him goodbye, then curtly apologized to
Alexander.

"Are you going to explain what the hell just happened?"

"Once I get this boat to safety."

It would have been easiest to dock my boat on an island or even the
mainland, but I feared that the gusts and high waves from the rapidly
approaching storm would do more damage. The safest place would be in my
boathouse, a good ten minutes away even at top speed.

I lifted the engine hood, asking Alexander what had happened.

"I thought I was in the deepest part of the Lake---you said so yourself.
And then I'm in three feet of water."

"You must've gone through the shoals."

"What shoals? I was looking for you! How the hell was I supposed to
know about any

friggin' shoals?"

The engine and floorboards appeared to be fine---thank God. The right
propellor seemed

to be OK. But the left propellor was completely broken off.

A huge lightning bolt lit the sky, followed by an instantaneous clap of
thunder. Alexander made the sign of the cross. "I didn't know you were
religious?" I asked.

"Neither did I," responded Alexander, crouching low.

I turned the boat toward the southern shore, toward the blue sky and
opened the throttle. The engines gurgled, listing the boat to the right.
I shut the left engine off. It wasn't until we passed under the Route 3
Bridge into Paugus Bay that I slowed down. (I'm sure the Marine Patrol
would have forgiven my disregarding the *No Wake* sign.) We parked at a
gas station. The water was calm. The sky overhead was blue. The fierce
storm was raging to the north.

I felt faint and needed to eat. I took a piece of fried chicken from the
cooler and sat on the engine cover. The storm seemed to be gliding
eastward.

"What are you doing with men's underwear." Alexander demanded.

"You went through my purse?

"Your phone was ringing. I thought *you* were calling."

"From the water?"

"How the hell was I supposed to know *where* you were? Do you seduce
guys, kill them, then take their underwear? Is that why you carry a
knife? Is that why you freaked out when I asked about *The Godfather?*"

"I can explain all that."

"Please do."

I fumbled for words---any words---knowing that whatever I said would be
terribly adequate. I wanted to confess that the underwear was mine, that
I had worn it that very morning looking for him, along with my Fu Manchu
and my baseball cap. I wanted to confess that I was transgender, and to
finally be honest with myself and with Alexander. But I couldn't find
the words. "People get tattooed for all sorts of reasons," I began.

"What the hell does *that* have to do with anything?"

I showed Alexander my wrists, feeling disconnected to myself and to
Alexander, as if I were a normal person listening to someone else. "Each
tattoo covers a scar. That knife in my purse...that...that was from my
first suicide attempt. I carry it with me. Always. And the underwear. As
a talisman."

"What? I don't understand? *The first time*? What the hell are you
saying!"

"I'm glad you don't understand, Alexander." I glanced at the raging
storm, wanting to explain, but the words were nowhere to be found,
instead asking for his help in covering the boat, which I didn't really
need, for I could do it in my sleep (and I'm sure I probably have), then
offering him a lift to his sister-in-law's, which he abruptly refused.

"Why don't you stay the night me?" I found myself asking. "I rented a
townhouse in Laconia."

"I'm going back to Boston."

My eyes watered, realizing that this relationship was over. There was
nothing I could say or do. In a way I was glad, for Alexander deserved
someone better, someone at least halfway normal. I offered him a ride to
the bus station, but he said no, insisting on an Uber; his ride arriving
soon.
