## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

\hspace*{\parindent}%
"OK, which one of you bastards started this friggin' rumor?" I asked,
distributing the morning coffee.

"Three guesses," Abe nodded to Walter, "he spreads them before they even
start."

Walter removed the lid to his coffee cup, taking a sip. "All I said was
that you had a nice weekend; ain't that right, kid?"

"Whatever gave you *that* idea?" I took my seat next to Nick.

"You had that twinkle in your eye this mornin'."

"Twinkle in my eye? I was just happy that this wasn't a friggin'
three-day weekend."

"Well?" Nick asked, lighting a cigarette. "You going to keep us in
suspense all morning?"

"There are nice weekends and *really* nice weekends," I began. "And
there are *shitty* weekends and *really* shitty *w*eekends, and mine
couldn't have been any *shittier*. We got caught in a bad storm, my
sister-in-law tried to seduce me, I forgot about this woman I was
supposed to meet for dinner in Worcester Friday night, I ran this other
woman's yacht aground and will probably spend the rest of my life paying
for it, I almost got hit by friggin' lightning, and this other woman,
who I really liked, jumped overboard and swam away. I took a four-hour
bus ride home. Christ, I was surprised that the bus didn't explode or
that I wasn't abducted by friggin' aliens. Last Friday I was 
involved---if that's the right word---with three women, now today, each wants to
kill me."

"Hopefully one will succeed," said Abe.

"My advice," offered Nick. "If you date more than one woman, then date
the same one, so it don't matter if one finds out about the other."

"Well, well, look at this," Walter pointed to Gary, running---or rather,
waddling towards us.

"One of nature's rare sights," said Abe.

"Just because...I...don't...sweat like you animals," Gary said,
catching his breath, entering the coffee circle. "Don't...don't mean
that I ain't working."

"The master speaks," Abe said.

Gary sat on what had appeared to be a full bucket of drywall cement, but
it split in two, throwing him backwards. "Son-of-a-bitch." He pushed
himself up, wiping his forehead with a handkerchief. "While you guys
were slaving away in this miserable heat, I was inside vacuuming the
executive offices; the ceiling guys had made quite a mess."

"Sounds like another week-long project," Nick said.

"Or at least until the weather cools," added Abe.

"Then suddenly I had to take a crap," Gary said. "But the men's room was
locked, so I ran outside to the shithouse."

"You mean my office," I said.

"I saw you coming and ran like hell out the back door," Nick said to
Gary.

"There's a back door?" I said to Paul.

"I just made it," Gary said. "And man did it stink; it must have been a
hundred and ten degrees in there. I held my breath, afraid to sit,
hovering just above that stinkin' mess, when this bird starts swooping
at my pecker."

"A hummingbird, no doubt," Abe said. "Looking for its frickin' mate."

"Too small," I said.

Walter's phone rang. "It's Phil."

"Don't answer it," I said.

"He knows we're here," Walter said.

"All the better reason," I insisted.

Walter handed me the phone. "He's pissed. He wants to speak to you."

"When is he *not* pissed?" I put the phone on speaker so everyone could
hear: "I want you to go back to the shop and paint all of our staging,
you lazy-ass bastard."

"Now?" I asked. "In the middle of the day? This should be done first
thing in the morning or at the end of the day."

"Zachary wants it done immediately, you goddammed son-of-a-bitch."

"At least he got the name right," said Abe.

"Last night someone stole our staging from another job. Paint it so
everyone knows it's ours. And get going! We need it ASAP."

Click.

I finished my coffee, stood up, and flung the empty cup at Nick. "So
when you guys are wondering where the hell I am all friggin' afternoon."

"I won't be giving it a second thought," Abe said.

A squad car pulled into the parking lot. "Finally, they're arresting
that bastard." I muttered. But the officers asked for me. They had found
my truck abandoned along the Merrimack River on the New Hampshire
border, with the keys still in the ignition. No suspects. Not a scratch
anywhere and nothing was missing, not even the loose change on the dash.
But the dumpster was never found. It didn't make no sense---in fact the
whole thing didn't make sense: stealing a truck *and* a dumpster,
leaving one intact but taking the other?
\

Stuck in stop-and-go traffic---this is why you don't send someone back
to the shop in the middle of the day---I kept replaying yesterday's
events, especially my spur-of-the-moment decision to return to Laconia.
We had stopped in Manchester to switch buses. I was about to board, and
I'm not sure why or even how it happened---I hadn't given it any thought
at all---and instead hopped on the return bus to Laconia, telling the
bus driver that I had forgotten something. Maybe I had overreacted?
Perhaps if my girlfriend had died tragically, I would have kept her
underwear? And who knows, maybe I would have been suicidal, especially
at such a young age, and especially if I was supposed to have been with
her that very night and that my presence could have prevented the whole
thing? Maybe I had judged her a little too harshly?

At the Laconia station I asked a bus driver on break if he knew where
the 401 townhouse was.

"Straight ahead. Can't miss it."

The quite ordinary 401 was sandwiched between a flower shop and a
somewhat upscale hair salon. Its wide-open French windows, intricately
latticed with oak, and its second-floor balcony latticed with almost
real gold-looking bricks, hinted of undeserved pretentiousness.

The townhouse door was locked. I pressed the intercom asking for Joanna
Turnus.

"She checked out."

"*Checked out?* When?"

"About ninety minutes ago."

"Where?"

"I don't know and even I did, I wouldn't tell you."

Returning to the bus station, I was glad that she had gone, relieved
that this relationship---if that's the right word---was finally over.
\

The only good thing about being stuck in stop-and-go traffic---unusually
heavy for mid-afternoon, even by Boston standards; perhaps due to
construction or an accident?---was that I had time to think about my
design for the friggin' staging. I sketched out the essentials:

- It had to be our colors, green and white.
- Paint only one small part of each piece of staging, and not the
   whole piece.
- Visible from a distance so no bastard in his right mind would even
   think of stealing it.
- Spray paint it, which would be quicker and much cheaper.

Surprisingly, the design came quickly: A five-inch stripe with
alternating green, white, and yellow fluorescent bands on two of the
four upper rungs (alternating diagonally) of each piece of staging; and
the same stripe on each brace. Simple, cost effective, elegant, cheap,
and most importantly, friggin' theft-proof.

At the hardware store, I explained my design to the clerk, who, as it
turns out, was able to pinpoint with surprising accuracy my needed
supplies, without even using a scratchpad. And yeah, it felt good to
legitimately charge everything to General and then sign my name in big
bold letters.

At the shop I decided to save time and money by constructing a prototype
that I could slip onto each piece. No need for taping, and I would only
have to measure everything once. I welded several pieces of small pipe
together, leaving enough space for the stripes, using clamps to sleeve
the pipe into place, then built another thinner piece with tighter
clamps for the braces and was ready to go. I lined the staging and
braces against the shed's outside wall, covered it with a shitload of
canvases, strapped on my headphones---fuck Phil's no-music rule---and
spray-painted like a bastard.

I finished exactly at 1:04, give or take a few minutes.

I stepped back admiring my work: precision-cut and ready-dry, noticing
that I had inadvertently skipped two pieces in the middle. No problem.
Only took a minute. Satisfied, I threw a sample into the back of my
truck for Phil's inevitable, fault-finding inspection when I noticed
Joanna approaching from the office, dressed in a shapely brown skirt and
jacket, and a black, half-unbuttoned blouse.

"Here to do some real work for once?" I asked.

She smiled. "I had a meeting with my father and noticed this cute guy
out back. Alexander, that was sweet of you to come back to the 401."

"How'd you know it was me?"

"I don't know too many people fitting your description." Joanna said,
then apologizing; as I did, after all, it was really my fault for saying
such a stupid thing.

"What brings you back to the shop in the middle of the afternoon?"
Joanna asked.

I explained Phil's call during coffee break, her father's demand, then
my visit to the hardware store when she burst out laughing; a wonderful,
contagious laugh. I know she laughs easily, but friggin' hardware
stores?

"You'd think my grandfather being a construction guy," she said, still
laughing, "would've been right at home in a hardware store; after all,
what's there not to like: Musty oak floors with creaky clerks who could
find anything in their sleep? But he absolutely hated them."

"Hate's a pretty strong word."

"No other word does it justice, believe me. Whenever he needed something
from the hardware store, he *always* sent someone else, usually Walter.
And sometimes even me. But this one Sunday afternoon, he was working on
his deck---alone---and needed a box of eight penny nails. He had asked
everyone---even a neighbor---but no one was around, so he had no choice
but to go himself. At the store he was fidgety, nervous, visibly
agitated; I'm sure impressing everyone that he was going to rob the
place. Wasting no time, he plopped his nails at the
register, telling the clerk to charge it to A.J. Turnus."

"Who are you?'" the clerk demanded. "I know all of A.J. Turnus' workers,
even the granddaughter but I ain't never seen you."

"My grandfather took out his driver's license, displayed it to the
clerk, saying with a wonderful twinkle in his voice, 'I'm A.J. Turnus.'"

Joanna laughed at me with her fun, flirting eyes. "Alexander, I'd like
to take you to dinner, to apologize *and* so you won't have to pay for
the propeller."

"I'm the one who broke it. And besides, propellers are expensive."

"So's the place I'm taking you. Does tonight work?"

"Tonight? I have a basketball game that I can't miss."

"Saturday night?"

"My sister Jeanne invited me for a long overdue dinner. I've already
cancelled twice and if I cancel again, she'll disown me. Hey, maybe
Sunday? Brunch? Downtown?"

"No...I have...there's this harbor cruise...that I...it's more of an
obligation---I have to go. It leaves at noon."

"A high noon cruise on Boston Harbor? Must be important."

"Maybe dinner afterwards?"

"I'm meeting with Walter in the afternoon; it's the only time we can
meet. How about Friday night?"

Joanna checked her cell phone calendar. "That actually might work. I've
a meeting practically next door to the Old Post Inn; it ends at 5.30, so
how about 6.00? At the Old Post Inn."

"Make it 6.05. Walter says you're always runnin' late to meetins'."

"It's my meetin', so I'll make sure we end on time. But I'll have to
meet you there, if that's OK. You know where it is?"

I nodded.

"You'll have to wear a jacket and tie."

"How will you recognize me?"

She smiled. "I don't think that will be a problem." She pulled me close
and kissed me, longer than either of us had anticipated.

Leaving the shop, I noticed Zachary glaring from an upstairs window.
