## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

At least on the dance floor I could be myself with no one staring like
they've never seen a real male before. Of course I asked Joanna several
times to remove her false beard---not an unreasonable request, as any
real male would---but she refused. "I'm here for my friends," she
insisted, without missing a beat. Not exactly sure where that left me.

Then just halfway through the third song she asked for a break.

I asked to keep dancing.

Looking tipsy and nauseous, like she was about to faint, she didn't even
wait for the song to end and headed straight for the bar asking for
aspirin and a glass of water. I ordered two beers, quickly downed one
and followed her to the deck.

She was leaning over the railing. "The fresh air feels good," she said,
straightening up. "I couldn't breathe inside."

*Maybe if you had removed your false beard, we both could have breathed
easier?*

An attractive, tall, well-proportioned woman approached us---at least I
thought she was a woman, although I had no reason to suspect otherwise,
but then again, no one on this fucked-up cruise seemed to be who they
were supposed to be. But she was too pretty not to be a woman? Long
brown hair flowed to her shoulders, a few strands drooping over her
right eye---kind of sexy---wearing a low-cut black dress that
accentuated a large friggin' rack.

"Blake! Where've you been?" the woman asked in a low, somewhat husky
voice. Her lips were full and rich. She had a mole just above the left
corner of her mouth, with three large freckles triangled in the middle
of her right cheek.

I assumed that she had mistaken me for this Blake dude, but she was
smiling at Joanna, as if long-lost friends. She pushed her sunglasses
back over her hair and kissed Joanna on her cheek, just above her Fu
Manchu. What the fuck?

"I've been looking *everywhere* for you," she said. "I thought you had
fallen overboard."

Perhaps in normal circumstances I wouldn't have assumed anything, other
than that she was a pretty woman with a husky voice, but these were
definitely not normal circumstances.

"Blake?" I reluctantly asked Joanna.

"My male name."

"And this is?" the woman asked with a brooding indifference.

"Rachel, this is Alexander."

She smiled, extending her hand with fingernails painted bright
red. "It's nice to meet you. I've heard lots about you."

I glanced at Joanna, or Blake, or whoever the hell she was trying to be.

"Good things!" added Rachel.

"Alexander, this is Rachel, my best friend and soul-sister."

If everyone was dressed up, then she had to be a man dressed as a woman?
But if so, how could they be best friends? And how did she develop such
large breasts? I felt dizzy.

"Everyone calls him Alex, except me," Joanna said.

"My mother and my sisters call me Alexander. But either's fine---I've
been called a lot worse, especially by my mother and my sisters."

Was that stubble on her chin, or just a shadow? Her rack looked
genuine, her skin soft, her long legs pretty.

Rachel took Joanna's hand. "Come on, let's dance! I've been waiting all
week."

"Not right now sweetie...I feel a little nauseous."

"You're not pregnant?" asked Rachel with a hint of a smile.

"Alexander dear, why don't you two dance for a bit? I need to sit down."

I quickly looked away, definitely not wanting to dance with her, or him,
no matter how pretty. "Not right now---my legs are tired."

"You just asked to keep dancing?"

"That's OK." Rachel tersely said and abruptly left.

"Alexander, what was that all about? Just two minutes ago you wanted to
keep dancing?"

"With you and not some---"

"Some freak?"

"I didn't say that."

"You didn't have to. You should've seen yourself inspecting her up
and---"

"Forgive me for having no idea who's a man and who's a woman. Forgive me
for not wanting to dance with her. It's bad enough that I---"

"Bad enough? *Bad enough*! I'm sorry I forced you here. I'm sorry that I
even mentioned it. Just go back to your normal natural-born world where
no one stares and no one judges, where what you wear doesn't matter,
where people aren't afraid to smile back, where people fall in love and
live happily ever." She ripped off her Fu Manchu, tossed it overboard
and stormed inside.

If I was a friggin' smoker, I probably would've gone through at least a
pack, staring at the green, seaweed infested water trying to figure what
the hell just happened. But no real male would have danced with her or
him, or whoever Rachel was pretending to be? Right? That's like
confessing to the whole world that you're gay.

The boat had just passed Boston Light for the second time; apparently, I
was on the deck longer than I had thought. Inside the band was just
breaking. No sign of Joanna---or Blake, or whoever she was. I spotted
Rachel sitting alone on a wooden bench at the far end of the dance
floor, elbows on her legs, resting her head in her palms, and walked
over to apologize.

"Don't patronize me," she snipped, wiping her eyelids with her index
finger.

"I'm not patronizing you or anyone else. I *am* sorry."

"Then leave, you made your point."

"What is with you people?"

"You people!! You people?" She started to cry. I tried sitting next to
her, but she
schussed me away. "Just go. Haven't you done enough damage? You think
you're so perfect, saying whatever you want, treating us like dirt."

"I *am* sorry. Listen, I acted like a jerk, but it wasn't deliberate.
Everything's happening so fast. I just met Joanna last weekend and never
felt like this about anyone, then she invites me on this friggin' cruise---I had
no that she was going to wear a false beard and no idea that I was
supposed to dress up; then everyone's staring at me, inspecting me like
a new species at the zoo."

"Join the club," Rachel said ruefully.

"It's like every day seeing the sun rise in the east---never really
thinking about it or even noticing---then one day it rises in the west."

"So why didn't you dress up?"

"I had no idea I was supposed to *dress up*."

"If you *had* known, would you have?"

"Of course not!"

"Why do you say that so sardonically? For us, *this* isn't dressing up.
When we leave and return to so-called reality, then we must dress to
please everyone; everyone, that is, except ourselves."

"I'm not gay."

"This has nothing to with being gay--that's a separate issue--this is about expressing who you really are." 

"I need a beer."

"Get me a Diet Pepsi. Lots of ice." 

When I returned,  Rachel had
stretched
her back against the wall; barefoot, her long legs extended.

"Here's your Regular Coke," I said. "No friggin ice, right?"

A faint smile.

I took a long sip of beer. "So, you're a man?"

"I was born into a male's body if that's what you're asking."

"And Joanna?"

Rachel sipped her drink. "What do you think?"

"Just asking."

"She was born female. She likes being female. She's very much attracted
to guys but also has a male identity."

"What the hell does that mean?"

"You're are a male, right?"

"What do you think?"

"You identify as a male?"

"Never even thought about it. I was born a male. I've always been a
male, so why would
I identify as something else?"

Rachel chewed on an ice cube. "I think I get what you're saying. Now
think of a
woman, say your mother, who identifies as a woman; then throw in a male
identity in the same body and mix the two together. That's how it is
with us. Some of us are lucky enough to know one way or the other, but
many struggle our whole lives, not knowing how or even why we were given
this ambiguity."

"Most of *us* don't like ambiguity; if we order steak, that's what we
expect."

"We're human beings, not cuts of beef."

"I know that."

"Maybe someday they'll check before birth to see if the inside matches
the outside, and if not, change the outside while still in the
womb---it's a lot easier."

A short silence.

"You two have an argument?" Rachel asked.

"I guess I'd call it that. Have you seen her?"

"She's OK."

"So you've seen her?"

"No."

"So you've talked to her? Texted her?"

"No. But she's OK. She's probably in the men's room, or on the deck
having a cigarette."

"She doesn't smoke. How do you know she's OK if you haven't seen her?"

Rachel took a long drink of Coke. "Did Joanna mention anything about how
we met or how we became best friends?"

I shook my head, not exactly sure I wanted to know.

The boat abruptly stopped, as if hitting something. "Probably a
crosscurrent," Rachel said unconcerned. "Or even a rogue wave. Happens
now and then." She chewed on an ice cube, crossing her legs. "We met six
months ago in a hospital. A mental hospital. We were the lucky ones, I
guess. Suicide survivors. If that's the right phrase. My second day
there I heard this sweet innocent laugh; such sweetness in such a
god-forsaken place. We hit it off instantly."

"Were you dressed like this?"

"If you're asking if she's attracted to me as a male and I to her, no.
We're both women. We're best friends, soul sisters. In the hospital we
talked about everything. We made a pact to always be there for each
other---to never let that happen again. That's why *I know* she's OK.
She would've called me."

"Her phone could've fallen in the water? She could've fallen overboard,
or been kidnapped?"

"Kidnapped? Off this boat? And if she fell overboard, she's fine;
she's a good swimmer."

I sighed. "I know."

Rachel chuckled. "Don't take it personally; you wouldn't want to be
around her when she's angry."

"It's hard *not* to take that personally."

"I'd be worried if she called, or worse, left a message."

"I'd feel a lot better if we at least looked for her."

Rachel got up, stretching her long arms. "If that makes you happy."

She searched the restrooms; and I the upper and lower decks.
\

"Let's talk to the Captain," Rachel suggested, returning empty handed.

"You just said that she's OK; now you want to see the Captain?"

"She *is* OK. I just don't know where she is right now. Maybe the
Captain knows."

As we snaked through the edge of the dance floor, this guy asked me to
dance. With most people on this fucked-up cruise, I honestly couldn't
tell the difference but not him---
smeared lipstick and overdone mascara---as if he wanted the whole world
to know that he was a guy haphazardly dressed as a girl. Of course I
said no, which surprised the hell out of him, as if he had really
expected me to say yes?

"Wow, if looks could kill," Rachel muttered, tossing back her long brown
hair. I followed her past the bar, past the restrooms and up a narrow,
spiral staircase. Halfway, she turned to me, "Let me do the talking.
Just play dumb--- ha! that should be easy."

On the upper deck, Rachel rapped on the first door past the stairway.

"How do you know this is the Captain's?"

She pointed just above the door frame. "Remember, let me do the talking."

A female---at least she seemed to be, but then again no one was who they
were supposed to be---slightly overweight with short, jet-black hair,
opened the door. "Yes?" she answered in a high-pitched, feminine voice,
I'm sure wondering who we were, or who we were supposed to be. Or
perhaps she assumed that everyone was pretending to be someone else?
Makes it easier, no second guessing.

"Are you the captain, mam?" Rachel asked.

"I am."

She has to be a woman. Soft face, high-pitched voice? No male
mannerisms, no sign of maleness, no trace of a beard.

"We might have an emergency," said Rachel.

"What is it?" the Captain inquired in an unconcerned voice, giving the
impression that emergencies on this cruise were not that uncommon.

"A friend of ours is missing," Rachel said. "We think she might be in
trouble."

"Did she jump overboard?"

"Maybe."

"Call the police."

Rachel displayed an ID badge from her purse. "I *am* a police officer."

The captain examined the badge. "OK. I just let her off at Long Wharf.
We happened to be very close by. She was agitated, and nauseous."

"Can you also let us off?" Rachel asked. "We need to find her."

"I can't be letting people off every five minutes."

"She needs our help."

"We're close to Hull," the Captain said, checking her watch. "I can stop
in eleven minutes."

"Hull?" I objected. "I'm parked at the Pier. Can you stop there?"

"That's forty-one minutes. I thought *you* said this was an emergency?
This isn't a speed boat. Do you want an air lift?"

"We'll wait," sighed Rachel.

"Be at the gangplank in forty minutes." The captain closed her door.

We returned downstairs. Rachel took a seat on the long, wooden bench,
while I bought us another round of drinks.

"Great stuff about being a cop," I said, delivering her Diet Pepsi with
lots of ice. She had removed her shoes, stretching her long legs.
She tossed back her long hair, reached into her purse and showed me her
cop ID.

"You *are* a cop? Robert McNair?" I held the ID up to her face. "Really?
This is you? A moustache? It doesn't look anything like you."

"That was five years ago when I first joined the force."

"How do you...how do you hide everything?"

"It ain't easy."

"Let's call Joanna," I suggested breaking a short, awkward silence.

"That's not necessary."

"Why not?"

"It would freak her out."

"So it's better to let *us* freak out?"

"No one's freaking out. She's on her way home."

"How do you know?"

"Where else would she be?"

"A bar, a club?"

"She doesn't drink."

"Where does she live?" I asked.

"In Concord, with me."

I glanced at her with alarm.

"It's not what you think---although who knows what you're thinking.
Actually, *I* live in Concord with Joanna. She invited me in after my
wife kicked me out and I had nowhere to go."

"*You* were married?"

"Why so surprised?"

I shrugged.

"Almost three years."

"So what happened?"

"Why so interested?"

"We have forty minutes."

"Thirty-four," Rachel sighed, glancing at my watch. ``Even that might not
be enough... Six months ago, my wife left for a week-long business
trip---our first time apart. I had been counting down the weeks, the
days, the hours, planning and replanning what I would wear and what I
would do, down to the smallest little detail. The second she left,
something came over me that I had absolutely no control over, like
another person had taken over my body. I shaved my legs, despite this
inner voice warning that she'd return in five days and that I'd have a
lot of explaining to do. But the five days seemed like a lifetime. I
pierced my ears with a thumbtack and slipped in a pair of my wife's
earrings---nothing ever felt so good. Again, that warning voice, but I
wasn't listening---the first time in my life I felt alive. I spent a
whole afternoon just listening to the rain. That night I took a long
walk, hearing things that I had never heard before. But I should've
known that God was already laughing. He toys with us, offering a modicum
of hope, only to cruelly dash it away.

"The third night, I was relaxing in my living room with a glass of wine,
when suddenly my wife burst through the front door, unexpectedly home
four days early. (She later told my parents that, having long suspected
me of an affair she wanted to catch me in the act.) At first, she
thought *I* was the other woman, angrily demanding *my* whereabouts.
Then, inching closer, she recoiled with a look that I'll never forget:
anger, shock, surprise, disgust, horror, all seamlessly rolled together.
'Oh my God!' she screamed. 'You pierced your ears! Oh my God! You shaved
your legs! Oh my God! You're wearing a bra? Oh my Gooodddd!'

"And yes, God was definitely on her side. Part of me was
relieved---strange as it may seem---that I no longer had to pretend, and
that somehow this revelation might even bring us closer and we could
once again be intimate. How naïve was that? I tried apologizing but she
pushed me away. 'Don't touch me!' she screamed hysterically. 'How could
you do this to me? How could you destroy our marriage like this? I want
you out immediately and if not, I'll tell everyone how I found you, down
to the last *disgusting* detail.'

"She slammed the door, yelling for all to hear that she was getting a
lawyer. That was the last time I talked with my wife; that is, if you
call that talking. The next day I awoke in the hospital, thinking it was
a bad dream, until I saw my bare legs and felt my sore earlobes. (Later
I learned that my wife had returned to the house for something and found
me slumped over---I guess I had taken a lot of sleeping pills---and
called 911.) In the hospital my parents were yelling at me for stupidly
giving up the wealth and power of her well-established New England
family, condemning for me for something I had no control over,
chastising for me for finding out who I really was.

"That hospital was like a prison. No pens or pencils allowed. No alone
time. No privacy. No jewelry, knives, electrical sockets, wires, or even
sheets. One communal TV chained high on a shelf---even taking a shower
they kept a watchful eye, only allowing one electric razor tied to the
bathroom door... I asked this really pretty nurse, who had taken a liking
to me and respected me for who I was---at least I had thought---her
reaction if her husband started wearing lip gloss and mascara. Her
silent look of disgust betrayed her real thoughts. I felt so incredibly
alone. I withdrew and didn't speak to anyone.

"They put me on high suicide alert for two weeks---I was already in a
high suicide ward---until *they* were sure I was no longer suicidal,
that I could be sent home intact, good to go; as if they somehow
magically could have known, as if they could just tap into a formula and
repackage me. Everyone at the hospital said that this was a new
beginning, that doors were opening, but that was bullshit. My doors, the
doors that I was familiar with, the doors that I loved, the doors that I
thought would be forever open were now closed. Permanently.

"The ride home from the hospital was surreal. My whole world had come
crashing down, but my father---in between reprimanding my
stupidity---was rambling about some stupid 1980s airline merger, as if I
was interested, as if I cared, as if that really mattered; while my
mother was ranting about the hospital food."

"Everyone has their own way of dealing with shit."

Rachel wiped her eyes with a napkin. "Later my wife later asked why I
had deceived her, why I hadn't said anything. But I honestly wanted
nothing more than a normal relationship with a normal woman, assuming
that *this* would go away, that marriage would somehow make me normal,
that marriage would stifle these feelings once and for all. How naïve
was that?" From her purse, Rachel displayed a wedding photo, slightly
worn at the edges: the couple silhouetted against a dark background; she
emotionless, staring at a clutched bouquet and he---masculine,
mustached, strikingly handsome---looking past her, brooding, distantly
effusive. "My tuxedo was suffocating me, I longed to wear the
bridesmaids' soft lavender, cool bare-shouldered dresses."

"You wanted to wear the bridesmaids' dresses? What guy thinks that on
his wedding day?"

The boat abruptly slowed. Forty minutes had passed. Rachel stood up and
slipped on her shoes. "I need some fresh air."

I apologized for being so abrupt, following her to the gangplank. No
sooner had we descended, the gangplank was raised, the boat surged
backwards and resumed its boisterous tour of Boston Harbor.

In the parking lot Rachel showed me the only empty slot. "That's where
we parked this morning. She's home by now."

We walked in silence.

"A brand-new Silverado?" Rachel asked when we reached my truck. "Yours?"

"No, I stole it."

"Not the smartest thing to say to a cop."

"Then don't ask such stupid questions."

She snatched my keys, helping herself into the driver's seat. "You've
had too much to drink and that's just from what I saw. If you get pulled
over---and you will, this is quota day---you'll get a ticket."

"This is a standard, you know," I said, watching Rachel familiarize
herself with the dashboard.

"What's a standard?" Rachel fumbled---gently and deliberately as it
turned out---through first gear. "How do you shift into third? Or can I
shift right into fourth? Ooops, I forgot to shift into second, how about
if I go right into fifth?"

"Pull over."

"Relax, Alexander. I have a standard." She rested her hand on the gear
shaft. "But where's your shifter?" She laughed---an endearing, feminine
laugh---shifting into first, then seamlessly into second, then third and
fourth, putting me at ease.

We drove north on Atlantic Boulevard, then onto Route 93. "Wouldn't it
be easier taking the Pike to Route 2." I asked.

"I know my way home. Where's your air conditioner? I'm roasting."

I flipped on the AC. "Earlier you had said your wife suspected you of an
affair? Did you?"

Rachel sighed. "If it was just an affair, we'd still be married. I know
that. But then again, if the shoes were reversed, I would've suspected
her. There were lots of telltale signs: Lipstick on a wine glass,
panties in the dryer, an artificial nail under the bed, nail polish
remover. She asked point blank if I was having an affair. Of course, I
denied everything. But with each lie I was suffocating myself."

"You're all set to grill a nice sirloin, then realize it's a cheap cut
and angrily demand your money back. But if you bought the cheap cut
first, knowing what it was, that's different."

Rachel wiped a tear from her eye. "It's not that easy."

I handed her a Kleenex.

"Early in our marriage, I decided to tell my wife, although I knew that
she'd never understand, and that whatever I said and however I said it,
would probably end our marriage. Still, I had to say something. It would've been
easier confessing I was gay---she probably would've accepted that, and
we'd still be friends, going shopping and stuff. But to tell your wife
that you're a woman inside and have always been, what could possibly be
worse? I mean realistically what was I expecting her to say?"

Rachel dabbed her eyes with a Kleenex. "That night I made her favorite
dinner---shrimp linguine with garlic, bacon, salami and parsley---hoping
to put her in a receptive mood. But during dinner I was nervous,
agitated. My wife kept asking what was wrong. I said something at work.
I tried to confess but couldn't get the words out no matter how much
wine I drank. We made love that night after dinner. But I was a million
miles away."

Traffic had slowed to a crawl.

"This is why we should've taken the Pike," I said, matter-of-factly,
although it was hard to see ahead, squinting directly into the sun.

"Accidents can happen anywhere."

A cop was waving traffic onto the breakdown lane, forcing us
almost to a complete stop.

"I know him," Rachel said. "He's from my precinct."

"Then let's stop and say hello."

"Dressed like this?" Rachel responded with a touch of fear. "No one at
work has seen me---yet. And they're not exactly tolerant."

Passing the cop, I noticed that Rachel had caught his eye as one male
glancing at an attractive woman. Traffic quickly eased and returned to
normal---normal that is for Sunday afternoon in suburban Boston. As we
drove west, I wondered if Rachel's breasts made her think like a woman
or if she still thought like a man. But if she thought like a male
before, then wouldn't she still do so now, even though she dresses like
a woman? And what did she think about driving with her wife on a Sunday
afternoon, perhaps on this very road? What did they talk about? What
were her thoughts while making love to her wife? Was there any
indication in her mannerisms or her talk, back then, of how she really
felt, of who she really was?

"When you dress like a man at work," I asked Rachel. "Do you think like
a friggin' man or a woman?"

"I've *always* been a woman. I don't know what it means to think like a
woman *or* a man."

"You know what I mean: If a beautiful half-naked girl passed you right
now, what would you be thinking?"

"If you're asking if I'd be attracted to her, no. Not at all. I'd
probably just glance at what she was wearing, that is if I noticed her
at all."

"But you married your wife? You must have found her attractive?"

"Yes. And I still do ... When I got released from the hospital I went
straight to her parents' house---I knew she was there. I wore the same
tailor-made herringbone suit that my wife had bought for our rehearsal
dinner. I thought that seeing me as a man---the same man that she had
once fallen in love with---might trigger something. My father-in-law
answered the door, insisting that my wife wasn't home and that she never
wanted to see me again, then slammed the door in my face. I rang the
bell again and kept ringing---this was my marriage, and I was determined
to get my wife back. My father-in-law opened the door waving a gun
demanding that I leave at once. That's when I called Joanna. She invited
me to live with her. I ripped up that suit and threw it in the dumpster.
God toys with us, giving us a modicum of hope, only to cruelly dash it
away."

Traffic was thinning. Rachel had picked up speed.

"Have you seen your ex-wife since?" I asked.

"Briefly in court, during the divorce hearing, although she refused to
speak to me, not even looking at me, as if I wasn't there...Then about
a month ago---it was really weird---I had stopped at a red light in my
old neighborhood. I was dressed as a male, except for artificial nails.
I was admiring them on the steering wheel, when suddenly this woman in
the car ahead began snapping pictures of me with her cell phone. It
happened so quickly, as if she had expected me to be there, at that
light, wearing artificial nails."

"Was it your ex-wife?"

"It wasn't her car, but it looked like her, although with the glazing
sun I wasn't exactly sure. But she had a passenger who resembled one of
my friends, which I dismissed as coincidental, since the two never
really liked each other---at least that's what I had thought...Deep down
I knew that my wife nor my parents would ever accept me for who I really
was. But I always assumed that my friends would, that---"

"Don't you have that ass-backwards? Friends come and go, but parents
love you unconditionally?"

"I'm not sure what unconditional even means," Rachel muttered. ``The Fab
Five we called ourselves. We did everything together, although now I
realize how superficial our friendship really was. My first night at the
hospital I received a letter from them, written by the least-well liked,
even by their own standards, whose wife had a well-known affair with her
doctor:

> 'Dear Robert--- (No one ever calls me Robert.)
> 
> We can no longer be friends and must curtail all meetings and
> correspondence. You violated our trust and failed to honor the bounds
> of friendship. You deceived us. And your recent abhorrent and
> inexplicable behavior has been deplorably embarrassing. Like that one
> Saturday morning having coffee after biking (I'm sure you remember; we
> all do, my wife still can't stop talking about it) when all of a
> sudden and without reason, in the middle of our conversation, you
> started crying. How embarrassing. Everyone was staring at us. You
> tried to brush it off as allergies, but we all knew better. Your
> ill-timed jokes also embarrassed us, and your failure to laugh at ours
> and avidly participate in our conversations underscored what everyone
> already knew. We can especially no longer trust you to our children,
> setting such a poor example of what it means to be a man, and going
> against God-given precepts. While all this was definitely a factor in
> rendering our decision, in our view we would have terminated the
> friendship anyway; it had run its course.'

"Are you friggin' shitting me?" I asked.

"They assumed that I'd be chagrined for being kicked out of their monied
group; that losing their friendship, money, and self-inflated status
would self-reform me. They can cheat on their wives, exploit and use
people, then run for school board to make themselves feel good,
congratulating themselves for their compassion, but actual human
beings---people with thoughts, feelings and real fears---they manipulate
and discard; their money cocooning them into a self-righteousness
arrogance.

"So I wrote my own letter in response:

> Dear 'friends':
> 
> I never expected complete acceptance, especially from people who have
> weaved a self-delusional, deceptive cocoon shutting out life's
> travails, although perhaps a little understanding and support.
> Obviously, I was the one who was self-delusional.
> 
> Friendship is not just a connivance for sunny days, cook-outs, and
> ballgames. It also requires a commitment to be there in times of
> darkness and despair; to reach out, listen and support.
> 
> I pray you never have to experience life's tragedies---you wouldn't
> know how to deal with them. Your money has insulated you. You
> manipulate people to suit your needs and then summarily discard anyone
> no longer useful, like an old dishrag.
> 
> While you are free to say whatever you want, however callous and
> ill-conceived, please don't invoke God, for this underscores how far
> you have strayed from the true message of the Gospels and your willful
> ignorance. The God I know is kind, loving and caring of all his
> Creation, not just the pious few who think they know who God is. And
> your children can see right through you. They silently call you a
> hypocrite, as you diligently read your Bible early in the evening
> where everyone can see, ostensibly incurring favor with God, nodding
> and underlying and jotting notes as if you understood, and then
> impugning and debasing His words with your actions.
> 
> Please forgive me for thinking that our friendship meant something,
> that you would have at least listened. I assumed we'd always be there
> for each other. How naïve was that?'

\noindent
"I mailed, emailed, texted, and even delivered the letter, but never got
a response. Then two weeks later I had read in the paper that my
mother-in-law had died of a stroke---no doubt stressed by the divorce.
No one had contacted me. The head asshole, the Fab Five's self-anointed
spokesman, said that I was no longer on their radar. Really? My
mother-in-law for Christ's sake. I can still picture them in their
secluded enclaves overlooking the water, dispensing their
self-suffocating edicts.

"Last Saturday I happened to be at the same Mug-N-Muffin we used to
frequent after biking Saturday mornings. I was dressed as a complete guy
for once---not sure what happened---except that I had forgotten to take
my earrings out. Stuff like that happens now and then. They strutted in
like they owned the place---which I'm sure they probably do---expecting
everyone to bow and acquiesce. Noticing me, they decided to leave, I
guess, so I wouldn't disturb their perfectly cocooned existence. On the
way out, the head asshole, referring to my triple-pierced ears,
snickered, 'When's it going to end? How many more?'"

"Did that bother you?"

"People notice your pierced ears and their brain re-configures. Some
overly compensate and become super friendly---more so than if you didn't
have them---they don't want to seem uncool, a relic from another age;
some pretend not to notice; and some get angry (I never understood why)
as if you had betrayed the male race."

"No, I mean your friends? That they could've used that opportunity to
reach out?"

"Reach out?" Rachel sneered. "Four people without any worries in the
world calculating the utilitarian costs and benefits of friendship on
the back of a napkin, judging everyone by how much money they make, by
their usefulness, and then summarily discarding a person just like a
used dishrag."

"Real friends don't abandon someone in need. *They* weren't your
friends."

"God invented us to uplift others. Seeing us, they hold each other
tight, thanking God they're normal. They don't---"

Rachel's phone rang. "My phone! In my purse. Underneath your seat!"

As soon as I took it out it, Rachel grabbed it. "Joanna? Joanna!
Joanna?"

"Rachel!" I yelled, as she swerved avoiding an oncoming car. "You just
went through a red light!" No sooner said then a police
cruiser, flashing its blue and red lights, pulled directly behind us. A
female cop got out and slowly approached. Rachel slumped back, opening
the window. "Of all the times to be pulled over."

"Since when do cops give other cops tickets?"

"She's never seen me like this."

"Then let me do the talking."

"Then she'll really be suspicious. Stuff my purse under the seat. I'd
rather be fined
for not having a license than have to explain everything to this
bitch---of all the people to pull me over."

"You know her?"

"She's from my precinct."

The female cop slowly approached. "Mam, do you know why you were pulled
over?" she asked, leaning almost into the open window.

"I'm sorry, officer," Rachel responded in a feminine voice. "I just got
my period. I didn't have any tampons---I was looking for a drugstore."

"Maybe if you *were* going the speed limit, you would've noticed a CVS
two blocks back. License and registration, please."

"It's in the glove compartment," I said.

"Remove it, slowly." The lady cop pointed a gun towards me. "And keep
your hands where I can see them."

"What's going on?" Rachel asked.

"Mam, I need your license and registration."

"This is my truck, officer," I said, handing the cop everything she had
asked for. "I had too much to drink."

"Have you been drinking?" the cop asked Rachel.

"I don't drink."

"I need you both to step out of the vehicle."

"Why?" Rachel asked.

"The male passenger was seen stuffing something under the seat. We have
to search the vehicle." The cop helped Rachel dismount; then finding
Rachel's purse, emptied its contents onto the hood of my truck. "What's
this? An officer's badge? Robert McNair? What are you doing with Bobby's
badge?"

Rachel sighed, explaining in a male voice, "Mary, it's me, Bob."

"What?" The lady cop fondled Rachel's dangle earrings. "Bobby? It *is*
you? You got your ears pierced? I must say of all people I never
would've guessed. Hmmmm...Nice legs! Who's your friend?"

"He's a friend of a friend's."

"We were at a Halloween Party on the harbor," I said.

"And you're dressed as?"

"John Havilchek."

The lady copy chuckled, returning to her squad car.

"Christ. By now, everyone at the station knows," Rachel muttered.

The lady cop took her time in the squad car. Returning, she handed
Rachel a few tampons, laughing, "Keep these in your glove compartment,
you never know when you might need them." Then she tore up the ticket,
laughing as the pieces floated to the ground.

"Mary, can you *please* keep this confidential? Just between us?"

"Hmmm. Ok. But I have to mention the tampons, and let's see, nice legs,
pretty dress but the wrong earrings." Turning to me she asked if I was a
girl dressed as a guy. Can you imagine? I quickly pulled down my shorts
and underwear leaving no room for doubt.

Smirking, she left us.

"That was stupid," Rachel said, climbing into the driver's seat. "She
could've ticketed you for solicitation or obstruction or indecent
exposure---I would have."

Rachel slowly eased back into traffic. "By now the whole station knows.
And the precinct. And every precinct in Massachusetts. But the captain,
a woman, whom you think would understand, has absolutely no toleration
for deviation."

"I'd like to see you as a male," I said, after a short silence.

"Why?"

"No particular reason."

Rachel sighed. "There's nothing to see. There's really nothing left.
Back then, I had a moustache, now I don't even have facial hair---That
was a pretty impressive package you showed back there." Rachel smiled
playfully. "I mean not that I was interested. Just happened to notice."

"Just happened to notice?"

"You flung it out for the whole world to see."

"Where do you buy false beards?" I asked, quickly changing the subject.

"I wouldn't wear one if you'd paid me a million bucks."

"The world doesn't revolve around you."

"You'd look good in one!"

"I can grow my own, thank-you."

"For Joanna?" Rachel smiled. "That's so sweet! There's a store near
Faneuil Hall and let's see, another near your work, in Harvard Square."

"How do you know where I work?"

"How do you think I know where you work?" Rachel slowed down, exiting
the main road. "You ask a lot of stupid questions."

We took a right, another right, then a quick left onto a winding hilly
road without any streetlights.

"How much longer?" I asked.

"This is her driveway."

"Christ, it's longer than my friggin' street. So, about another half
hour or so?"

Rachel laughed.

Suddenly the well-lit house appeared out of the darkness: mid-19^th^
century, fully restored, granite and a brownish brick; a sprawling
mansion with a steep roof and several widow's peaks, surrounded by thick
pine trees.

"Christ, how many people live here?"

Rachel opened the automatic garage door. "Just us."

"So you need an eight-car garage for two people?"

"It's just a five car garage." She pointed to Joanna's Lexus next to a
BMW. "Joanna's
home, just like I said."

"She has a Lexus *and* a BMW?"

"The BMW's mine."

I opened the door and scrambled out.

"Where do you think you're going? You're the last person she wants to
see. Stay put. I won't be long."
