## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

I was tempted to steal away for something to eat---I was starving and
hadn't eaten anything since breakfast---although with my luck, Rachel
would call inviting me in, or Joanna would come down, smiling as if
nothing had happened. So instead, I decided to call for delivery: pizza,
Chinese, fast food---anything, as long as they could deliver fast.
Scrolling my phone, the neighborhood silence was interrupted by yelling
from next door; the anger quickly escalating. I cut through thick dense
pine trees---some with gnarled and twisted branches, and steep,
overgrown brush, onto the neighbor's freshly cut grass.

The argument was intensifying.

"Who are you?" demanded the neighbor; his friggin' wife, I presumed, beside him.

"A friend of Joanna's, I heard the commotion. What's going on?"

"None of your goddamned business," shouted the neighbor.

"This prick ordered a pizza and now refuses to pay for it," retorted the
pizza delivery guy.

"Why didn't *you* call back to check? Any moron would have."

"I did. It was ordered by someone in this house at your residence."

"No one here ordered any pizza. And I refuse to pay for it." The
neighbor stormed inside slamming his door.

"Son-of-bitch." The delivery guy was looking for a place to trash the shit,
 when I took out my wallet, asking what he had and how much.

"A large pepperoni," he quickly answered, relieved and surprised. "A
small sausage, a liter of Coke, and two orders of breadsticks. Fifty
bucks."

I emptied my wallet: two bucks short. I offered a check for the
difference, but he waved me off, happy as a bastard just to get that
much.

Back at Joanna's driveway, I called inviting myself in, bearing Coke,
breadsticks, and pizza.

"Joanna's fine," Rachel answered, after I had asked. "She's sleeping."
She then explained what happened. "I'll be down shortly; I left my purse
in your truck."

I lowered my tailgate and set places for two, minus the plates,
silverware, and glasses.

"You *were* serious about the pizza!" Rachel exclaimed from the garage.
"I thought you were joking."

"I never joke about food, especially when I'm hungry." I helped her onto
my tailgate, then gave her several slices of pizza, taking one for
myself, explaining my encounter with the neighbor.

"He'd do such a thing---he thinks we're lesbians---Ha! If he only knew!"

My mouth full, I gestured for the Coke bottle.

"You're not worried about my germs?" Rachel asked laughing. "That you
might start wearing women's clothes or something?"

"I'll take my chances."

Rachel swished a breadstick in the marinara sauce. "You know when I
first met you---
just this afternoon---God it seems like ages ago---I thought you were
just a dumb-ass construction worker."

"What? You yelled at me for generalizing---that's what started this
whole thing, remember?"

"I didn't say that you *were*, just that *I thought* you were. You know
what I mean: Whistling, googling at women like you've been living on a
deserted island your whole life."

"You've been whistled at? You should take that as a friggin' compliment;
we have our standards, you know."

"Standards?"

"Not everyone gets whistled at."

"It's demeaning, treating us like we're pieces of meat."

"It's all in fun." I offered her another piece of pepperoni. She quickly
devoured it, asking for another.

"Christ, Rachel, I almost got lost in your backyard without a map and my
friggin' compass."

"That's what you get in Concord. Somehow it's supposed to compensate for
not being able to talk with your neighbors."

"I'll take my city neighborhood any day. I noticed a basketball
court---full court. I didn't know Joanna played?"

"She doesn't." Rachel answered in between bites. "I do."

"*You*?" I asked, laughing.

"What's so funny?"

"You don't look like the type."

"I played in high school."

"So did I."

"And in college."

"Really?"

"BC."

"*Boston College*? That's big time."

"As the sixth man---Ha! Did I just say that? That's funny. Everyone said
I was the next Danny Ainge with his same scrappy, in-your-face defense,
and I even looked like him. In high school I got several scholarship
offers, but chose BC since I thought it offered my best chance to go pro
*and* it was close to home, so my family could watch me play---that was
really important."

"You were that good?"

Rachel nodded. "My junior year during the off season I had a knee
injury, which turned into a really weird infection---I almost lost my
leg. After that I was just never the same. I was still good enough to
help us win most of our games, but a step below what I used to be and
two steps below what I needed to be, no matter how hard I practiced. The
top two guys on our team both got drafted. I didn't, although deep
inside, I knew that I had lost it and could never get it back." Rachel
wiped the base of her eyes and blew her nose.

"It must've been tough giving up your dreams," I said, handing her a
Kleenex.

She shook her head. "It's not that. I had my criminal justice degree to
fall back on. I wanted to be a cop almost as much as I wanted to play
basketball. I got into the Academy and never looked back." She wiped her
eyes and then blew her nose. "I was thinking of my high school coach. I
do that a lot nowadays."

"You had a crush on him?" I blurted without thinking.

Rachel wiped her eyes, looking toward the woods behind the basketball
court. "My senior year in high school, I was in the gym practicing free
throws before practice when Coach entered from a cold, mid-December
rain. He came over right away, happy to see me, as always. I immediately
noticed his mascara-smudged eyes. Acting in my unscripted role as the
silent inquisitor, I must have given him that same twisted, distorted
look that I'd received so often---that you had given me. An automatic
cursory look that must be hard-wired into everyone's DNA, even ours.
Coach instantly recognized that look---we all do. He abruptly left and
quickly returned, vigorously toweling his hair, practically in my face,
apologizing that it wasn't a good day to get his hair dyed; even asking
me if he had removed all the dye from his forehead. Then several week later,
just before Christmas, I was in Coach's office, sitting opposite at his
desk, about to watch films preparing for our upcoming tournament, when
he wheeled himself to the file cabinet, accidentally backing his leg up
in front of me. I was shocked to see Coach wearing black nylons. He
followed my unscripted gaze, realizing immediately what I had just seen.
Then he retrieved the film, talking as if nothing had happened, as if I
hadn't seen anything.

"Then...then, the next day---two days before Christmas Eve---Coach took
his own life. His wife found him hanging from a tree in the backyard...
I was the last non-family member to see him. At the funeral, I wanted
to say something to his wife, but I was scared that someone would find
out about me and my own secret that I was desperately trying to hide. If
I had said something to Coach, alone in his office that afternoon, or in
the gym---if I'd reached out, he'd be alive today. I know that. But I
was scared and confused. I didn't have a handle on it and neither did
Coach---that's why we could've helped each other."

"You can't lay all that shit on yourself."

"I just couldn't put the words together. And even if I could, I wasn't
exactly sure what to say. But how could I say anything when I was trying
to hide *it* from myself?"

I offered Rachel a breadstick, taking one for myself. "Earlier, you said
that you always knew you were a woman. So you were always like this?
When did you first know?"

"*Like this?* This is *me*, Alexander. This is who I am. I was always
me---there wasn't a switch that one day went off---although sometimes I
wished it happened that way." Rachel took a long drink of Coke and
looked at me sort of wistfully, like we were long lost friends relating
a mutual childhood story. "I always knew that I was different from my
two brothers, not just as the oldest, but as night differs from day.
They worshipped my father, emulating everything he did, dressing like
him, wanting to be just like him. And I ...I wanted to be like just
like my mother. I remember this one Easter Sunday, a beautiful spring
day with a warm breeze blowing through the open windows. I was seven
years old. Through my mother's half-opened bathroom door, I watched her
ready for Mass, imitating everything she did: brushing my hair one way
then another, putting on foundation, dabbing mascara, eye liner, eye
shadow, lipstick, slipping in earrings, then whisking a wonderfully
sweet, strawberry-lavender perfume; confident at who I was, confident at
who I had become.

"Suddenly my father yelled from my bedroom, wanting to know where I was,
why I wasn't dressed like my younger brothers. I tepidly approached,
feeling like a sheep about to be slaughtered. My father impatiently
looked at his watch, reminding me that as the oldest I had set an
example, and that because of me we were going to be late. He nodded at
my already-dressed brothers, then turning me around, stood behind me
with necktie in hand. 'You hold the long end like this; wrap the
short-end up, then loop it over and through;' weaving his hairy,
aftershave-infused hands like a spider spinning its web. So many times
my father had shown me how to tie a tie and so many times I had
forgotten.

"My father then led us to the garage, reminding everyone that we were
going to be late because of me, although we really weren't. As everyone
piled into the van, I excused myself, saying that I had to pee really
bad. I heard my father mutter something, my two brothers chiming in. In
the bathroom, I closed the door and whisked my mother's
strawberry-lavender perfume on my wrist, just enough to hide my father's
aftershave, then a little mascara; too little to get noticed but enough
to know I was wearing it.

"Driving to Church, my mother caught me several times looking at her
flowery, lavender-perfumed dress, free-flowing in the breeze, as if part
of her body. She must have smelled my perfumed wrist. She must have
noticed my slightly mascaraed lashes. She must have noticed my longing
to be a girl, just like her. But she smiled back as if to say that she
was glad to be my mother and glad that I was her son; a smile, however,
warning that I could never be like her, that I could never wear the same
clothes, whisk the same strawberry-lavender perfume, that I could never
get my ears pierced; a smile warning to never shatter her happiness, to
never admit that I wanted to be a girl."

Rachel wiped away a tear. "We are born like this; we were never asked.
Some of us, like Coach, live in limbo, in two separate worlds, shunned
from both, surviving in neither. It's when we question ourselves, when
others do, when others unexpectedly find us before we're ready to tell
ourselves, that we break down and can't cope and can't survive.

``It wasn't until much later---after I had done something similar---that
I realized that Coach sticking his leg out in his office might have been
an attempt to provoke the issue, hoping that someone else would find
out, someone who empathized, someone who had the same ambiguity---for we
are experts at sniffing and spotting ambiguity, even though I had long
buried it deep within my soul---or at least I had thought---although
sometimes I guess it's just there, no matter how much I try to hide it,
for others to see. Having been found out is a lot less painful than
confessing, which made me even more resentful that I let that moment
slip by.

"The last year of my marriage, just before everything began unraveling,
we were at the family cabin in Maine, raking leaves, readying it for
winter, reveling in the camaraderie. I camouflaged myself in the giddy
expectations of others, forgetting who I really was, trying to fit in,
even laughing at my brother-in-law's ribald jokes. But as the day wore
on, I became increasingly agitated, watching my life incrementally slip
away. I decided to make a statement to myself of who I really was. And
what better statement than shaving my legs? Sometimes we do things to
our body without knowing why, without realizing, without being in
control.

"I excused myself to the bathroom. I was nervously calm, as if on
autopilot, immersed in the smell of turkey, buoyed by the alcohol, the
smell of burning leaves. I stepped into the shower and lathered my legs
thick with soap, fondling the razor with anticipation. Suddenly my wife
banged on the door asking what I was doing, yelling that the septic tank
was overflowing. I hurriedly rinsed off my still-hairy, unshaven legs,
opened the door, apologizing that I had fallen asleep in the shower,
blaming it on the beer."

Rachel and I reached for the breadsticks simultaneously. Our hands
touched. I inched away. Rachel blushed, withdrawing, "Was the pizza guy
wearing a uniform?"

"What? Huh? No---I mean yes, not a uniform; a badge."

Rachel stared off toward the woods. "Alexander ...There's
something---there's something you should know about Joanna."

"Christ, I thought I knew all her friggin' secrets?"

"Maybe I shouldn't even be telling you this?"

"Tell me what?"

"Joanna needs to lay out all her cards on the table before she can be
intimate."

"What does that mean?"

Rachel shook her head. "I can't tell you. Only she can."

"Tell me what? And if *she* has to tell me, why are *you* telling me?"

"So that when she *does* start talking about it, you won't leave."

"I'm not the one who leaves. How do you expect me to know when she
starts talking about *it* when I have no idea what the hell you're
talking about now?"

"Trust me, you'll know." Rachel's phone vibrated. "It's Joanna...She's
awake. She's feeling better." Rachel hopped down from my tailgate. "I
have to get ready for Mass."

"Mass? On a Sunday night?"

"The six o'clock mass. Want to come along?"

I shook my head. "Joanna's OK?"

"I wouldn't go otherwise, and besides, I'll only be gone for an hour."

"And you? How are you?"

"I'm fine." Rachel smiled, hugging me. "Thanks for asking. And thanks
for the pizza."

I watched her enter the garage, then imagined her entering her bathroom,
nonchalantly flipping on the light switch, readying for Mass, staring at
her once-masculine, handsomely stubbled face---a face that women used to
find attractive; cautiously applying foundation, gaining confidence,
then mascara, eye shadow, lipstick; whisking strawberry lavender perfume
just like her mother. I imagined her stepping back, admiring who she was
and who she had become.

She'll be fine. At least for today.
