## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

I assumed my phone vibrating was Rachel checking in (again), inviting me
down once again for pizza---she's so sweet---but it was CCB's VP of
human resources texting my father, copying me,

'Effective immediately, every subsidiary must make redundant any
employee who no longer comports with our long-term interests and
long-term financial security, including and especially union
supporters. To be efficacious, it need not be more than one, unless,
of course, the situation calls otherwise; in fact, extirpating one to
make an example is highly recommended *and* highly efficacious.'

Extirpate? If someone's not performing, he's fired, not extirpated,
and if someone's

unionizing, extirpate the threat, not the person (without a paper
trail), unless you either want a lawsuit (which I'm sure they don't)
or they're trapping someone (which has to be me).

My father immediately responded:

'I have several individuals in mind. In fact, it would've been done
anyway. Necessary spring cleaning.'

I thought of Alexander and immediately texted back:

'As General's legal counsel, for the record, I state categorically
that we will not fire anyone singularly based on union activities.
This is, as you know, illegal, but even if not, I fail to see its
necessity: Our long-standing, non-union modus operandi is well-known
and will not change. So why deliberately draw attention to something
palpably illegal? We have *always* strictly complied with the law (and
its spirit) and will continue to do so. I oppose this illegal action
and do not endorse it.'

My father immediately called, of course, which I let go to voicemail.
