## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

Just minutes from the bank's parking lot, my phone rang. It was 7:10.
Phil's usual calling
time to head back to the shop for something that he had forgotten or
that he should've brought yesterday. Sometimes he forgets that I'm
supposed to start work promptly at 7.30 and not 8.30, and that my job
description is a laborer and not a Phil gopher.

But it was Joanna, chattering incomprehensibly.

"Did something happen to Rachel?" I asked, alarmed. "Are you OK?"

"Rachel's fine," she answered, in a calmer and more deliberate tone.
"Actually not, but nothing new there. Listen, after everything, I've no
right to even ask, but I need your help. Someone's been leaking
confidential stuff to CCB, although I've a pretty good idea."

"Walter?"

"How'd you know?"

"I'm good at guessing."

"But I need to be absolutely sure. If you could indiscreetly,
surreptitiously, accidentally let it slip that you overheard me talking
to a lawyer---um, say Judy Brown---about taking General public. (And no,
we're not going public, at least if I can help it.) He'll pester you for
more information. And if he's the leak, which I suspect, he'll go
immediately to CCB."

"So what? They own us. Why can't he talk to the---"

"They don't own us just yet, and not if I can help it."

Phil was calling me. Fuck him. This was my time. He'll have to call back
at 7.30.

"By starting his own company and destroying General," Joanna continued,
"my father rids me *and* extirpates my grandfather's legacy, finally
getting out from his shadow, which has always bothered him---killing two
birds with one stone, so to speak. And what better way than a lawsuit
after an accident? My father's not trying to hide it, like he wants to
be found out. And CCB has the resources to enable him to do whatever he
wants."

"His name will be shit."

"Not necessarily. Depends who's blamed. That's why I intend to stop him.
I have dozens of photos of my father and Walter in his garden, laughing,
shaking hands, exchanging money with inspectors. Alexander, do you still
have that piece of concrete from the vault?"

"Yes. In the trailer, and the last time I checked, the trailer's still
there."

"Does anyone else know?"

"No."

"Not even Walter?"

"Especially."

"Good. I'll stop by this morning and get it analyzed. Thanks Alexander."

No sooner had I clicked my phone and pulled into the parking lot, then
Phil was barking in my window. "Have I got a job for you! You're going
to wish you'd---" His phone rang. It was Zachary. Phil listened, nodding
occasionally, arms at his side, saying only 'goodbye.' "Change of
plans," Phil said to me, clicking his phone. "Zachary wants the concrete
scraped from all the first-floor windows. The bank president's been
complaining that he can't see nothing out of them. Pick up some razor
blades and Windex at the hardware store."

"I've been saving some in the trailer just for this purpose." I almost
added that I would've have done this job myself more than two weeks ago,
had it not been for all his shit jobs and wild goose chases.

"Bullshit."

I led him into the trailer, wishing I had bet that bastard
money---twenty, ten, five bucks---anything---and promptly showed him a
Styrofoam cup magic-markered with my initials on the desk, directly
underneath where the fire extinguisher should had been, half-filled
with used razor blades. He grunted and left. Translated: good thinking.

I spotted Walter in his truck, finishing his coffee. I hurried over.
"You have a few minutes?"

"You need more money, kid?" Walter dug into his pocket. "You're always
needin' cash."

I shook my head, climbing into the passenger seat. "Can you
shut your
window?"

"It *is* shut."

I opened the door. "Nah, I can't say nothing."

"You can't say shit like that, then not say nothin'. What's eatin' you?
What happened in the trailer?"

*This guy misses nothing.* I shut the door, tightly closing the window,
even though it was already tightly closed. "It's about Joanna."

"I warned you kid to stay away, but you didn't listen. You never listen
to nothin' I say."

"It ain't about that. I overheard her talking to a lawyer about taking
General public."

"Takin' us public? Which lawyer? When did she say this?"

"Wendy Brown, no Judy---Judy Brown? Just the other day. So what does
this mean? Are we going public?"

"She told you this directly?"

"I just said that I overheard her talking on the phone. She didn't
know I was there."

Walter shrugged. "I think I would've heard something, kid. Did she say
anything else?"

"No." I opened the door and stepped down from his cab. "Don't say
nothing about this to Joanna. She don't know that I know."

"Don't worry kid; your secret's safe with me."

"You coming? We have a bank to build."

"Just a second. I have to call Doris."

Lisa texted me. "Can we talk?"

"Working." I clicked my phone and stuffed it into my back pocket.

Walter quickly caught up to me, chatting about what needed to do be
done today, when
this effeminate guy in baggy green pants and a brown baggy shirt,
approached.

"You know him kid?" Walter sneered. "He seems to be smiling at you."

Walter was right. He was smiling at me. I feigned ignorance, recognizing
Rachel haphazardly dressed as a male.

"Ask him what he wants, then get him the hell out of here before he gets
the shit kicked out of him."

"Alexander!" Rachel said, watching Walter return to the front of the
bank. "You asked to see me as a male, so voila!"

"Males don't wear dangle earrings and lipstick."

"It's just lip gloss."

"Couldn't you have done a little better?"

She handed me two small, wrapped packages.

"What's this?"

"The Fu Manchus that you'd asked for."

"I didn't ask for any."

"I was at the store. It's only a couple of blocks away."

"I only need one."

"The other is for you."

"I can grow my own facial hair, thank you."

"Joanna would really appreciate it. And besides, you might have some
fun."

If someone had told me just a month ago that I'd be having fun with my
girlfriend wearing a false beard and enjoying it, I would've
accused the person of insane madness.

"What do I owe you?" I asked, taking out my wallet.

"It's on me. I mean, ha ha---I'd never wear such a thing. That's OK.
Don't worry about it, Alexander."

"Rachel---or should I call you Bobby?"

"Rachel."

"Rachel, can you put these in a bag or something and stick them in the
back of my truck:
it's the black Silverado next to the dumpster."

"Oh, I almost forget." She handed me an already opened letter. "From
Joanna."

"You read it?"

"She knew I would, so she gave it to me already opened. I can seal it if
you'd like."

I stuffed the letter into my back pocket.

Rachel reached over, giggling and in an exaggerated feminine motion,
snatched it and handed it to me. "Joanna wants an immediate answer. It
only takes a second to read."

"Fine." I started reading:

> 'Dearest Alexander:
>
> I am *sooooo* sorry. I don't know where to begin or what to say.
> I understand if you want nothing to do with me. After all, in just the
> short time that we have known each other, I've disappeared twice, if
> that's the right word. However, I would like to invite you to dinner
> at my house, tomorrow night, around six. I would like it very much if
> you came, although I understand if you said no.
>
> Joanna
>
> P.S. I miss you!
>
> P.S.S. There's no water around so you don't have to worry about me
> jumping overboard!'

"Well?" Rachel asked.

I found myself saying yes, not exactly sure why.

"She'll love you for this!" Rachel reached out to kiss me, but I quickly
stepped back, hoping that whoever was watching didn't see what almost
happened.

Rachel said good-bye, skipping across the parking lot toward the front
of the bank. I imagined her without nail polish, without earrings, and
with a full stubble. But there was no masculinity left---she even walked
like a woman, gracefully exaggerating hand and wrist movements; her
baggy clothes barely concealing her curves.

"Loafing again?" Phil asked, staring with disgust at Rachel.

"That customer was a little lost."

"I should say. If it's OK with you---if I'm not interrupting anything,
and if you have nothing else to do, I need you to chip two holes for the
electricians."

"Why can't they ever do their own shit?"

"Because they actually do some work, unlike some people around here. The
holes are on the first floor where the new addition intersects the old
building. I already chalked them: two-inch square. No need for a ladder
or staging, just get it done, you goddamned son-of-a-bitch."

"What about them windows you said was so urgent?"

"This will only take ten minutes."

"Ten minutes here, ten minutes there. No wonder I never get my friggin'
work done."

"Work?" Phil hurriedly left to who knows where.

Joanna texted that she just received an angry call from CCB's North
American president asking what the hell was going on, followed by an
angry voice mail from her father. "Mission accomplished," she said,
thanking me for my help.

Just as I finished shit job #1, Phil approached with the bank president.
Christ, now what? Were the holes too big? Not big enough? Too square or
too round? Did my drilling disturb the bank customers?

"Who were you were just talking to?" the bank president asked with a
worried look.

"Me? Why? What happened? Is she OK?"

``*She*? the bank president asked.

I shrugged. "She's transitioning to a woman."

"That still makes him a he," Phil said, "and a sorry one at that."

"Watch it Phil," warned the bank president; then to me, "Who is she?
What was she doing here?"

"She's a cop, and a friend of Joanna's."

"*A cop*?" They both asked.

"Yes. Why? Is she OK? What happened?"

"No she's not OK. She's at the hospital. I was upstairs in the
conference room wrapping up a meeting," explained the bank president,
"when I saw this guy with dangle earrings putting on lipstick. You just
don't see that out in the open. Then two teenagers jumped out of a white
Oldsmobile coming around the rotary and started whaling the crap out of
him. I called the police and ran out. It all happened so fast. She's at
Brigham and Women's. The hospital said that she's lucky---it could've
been a lot worse."

I left for the hospital at exactly 4.00. Rachel was sleeping on her back
with tubes sticking from her nose, mouth, and wrists. She had two black
eyes, a broken nose, stitches on her lower lip, and two broken ribs. A
nurse was taking her blood pressure, saying that it could have been a
lot worse, that she was lucky that none of her internal organs were
damaged.

I sat on the edge of her bed and took Rachel's hand. She smiled, closing
her eyes. Concerned, the nurse explained to me all the blips and
oscillations and her vital signs, which were all good. "She's sleeping.
If the oscillating stops, then we worry."

Joanna arrived with the bank president carrying a big-ass bouquet of
flowers; in fact, so big that the nurse had to place it on a special
table. I gave Joanna my spot on the bed, while
the bank president and I each pulled up a chair. Rachel was still. Her
breathing regular, her heartbeat echoing on the monitor, the blips
blipping, the oscillations oscillating.

We sat for quite some time, motionless, alone in our thoughts.
