## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

I had Rachel transferred to a top-floor suite, which for the next two
weeks became my temporary office. She slept a lot, especially during the
day, enabling me to get a lot of work done. She gradually improved and
seemed physically stronger with each passing day. While physical
recovery was easy (or relatively so), psychological recovery was another
story. Discharged after two weeks, she rested at my house for another
week, sleeping on the sofa bed in my office.

At week's end I re-invited Alexander for dinner---three weeks late; an
invitation, which, by the way, he had previously accepted. For dinner I
wanted comfort food, and nothing more comforting than my marinated flank
steak. Yes, that sounds quite ordinary, but isn't that the essence of
comfort food? A basic dish cooked with flair? Here's how I made it;
nothing intricate by any means:

-   First marinate the steak in soy sauce, dry mustard, and apple cider.
-   Grill it medium rare, basting it with a soy/ginger/ketchup mix.
-   Slice it very thin.
-   Serve it with grilled baby bok choy (large is too chewy), Japanese
   noodles splashed with red pepper flakes and sweet cider, and roasted
   red potatoes in olive oil and sea salt.

And for dessert: Martha Stewart's homemade tarts filled with sour cream
and blackberries, topped with fresh basil---Rachel's favorite, although
lately she's been so fixated with her weight that she refuses to even
look at one.
\

It was five minutes before six. I removed my apron and smoothed my
full-sleeved, black dress. Noticing a few wrinkles, I slipped it off and
hurriedly ironed it. The doorbell rang. I breathed deep. Stan, Rachel's
dog, was barking. (The cutest thing: a five-pound Mekei toy poodle, with
big droopy ears. When Rachel moved in, Stan was part of the package,
which was fine; I have two cats myself, and despite an occasional
hissing moment, everyone gets along.) I dabbed on some lip gloss and
opened the door. Alexander was stunning in a gray herringbone jacket and
black tee-shirt, coincidentally matching my black dress.

I led him through my seldom used dining room into my kitchen---about
four times larger than most kitchens, which is why I bought the house.
Rachel jokes that I should have just bought a kitchen and an office
instead of such a large house; that I could live anywhere as long as I
had a kitchen. But I can't just live anywhere. I love my house and
especially my kitchen, with its southern-exposed French windows
(overlooking my pool) warming my house on even the coldest winter days;
my two ovens each with a fully functional copper hood; and my small,
semi-closed greenhouse with a retractable roof, where year-round I grow
herbs and vegetables, fruits (lemons and limes) suffusing my kitchen
with an ever-present farmers market aroma.

"Most people only need one," Alexander teased, spotting my two ovens.

"This from a man who never cooks?"

"My mother cooked for five people and a shitload more on holidays. She
survived on just one."

"With all the cooking I do, even two's not enough."

A non-traditional wall rose behind my ovens: the lower half,
half-finished with Tuscany stone (matching my Tuscany-stone kitchen
table with non-matching chestnut, tall-back chairs, that didn't really
match the table, nor anything else in the kitchen). I suppose I could've
gotten a chestnut table, or stone chairs (really?) but the chairs and
the table are fully functional, and I use them a lot. (That doesn't
justify incongruity, but a little now and then is good for the soul.) And
the upper half: traditional red brick extending to the wood-raftered,
twelve-foot ceiling. (I love the contrasting look of wood, brick, stone,
and copper.) Between my ovens was a 3'x 6' bookcase, made of
stone-washed elm, stocked with Cuban, Chinese, Creole, French, Indian,
Mexican, Russian, Spanish, and of course, Martha Stewart cookbooks. On
either side of my ovens were matching stone-washed, elm armoires.
Fifty-five copper pots of every possible size draped the sides.

"And yes, I use all fifty-five," I said, anticipating Alexander's
question.

"At once?"

I laughed. "Eight's my record, although I'm looking for a recipe that
uses all 55."

"We all have goals."

I offered Alexander my grilled peppered pineapple appetizer: A narrow
pineapple triangular wedge, inserted with peppercorns, grilled on both
sides, and dashed with red pepper flakes.

"It won't bite," I said, laughing, watching him discreetly nibble the
edges. "You have to eat the whole thing to get the total effect."

So doing, he smiled his approval; then took another. And another.

I invited him to sit opposite me. (I thought about moving the place mats
so we could sit next to each other but decided to keep it as is.)

Alexander, noticing a third place mat, asked if I was expecting Rachel.

"For dessert." I poured us each a glass of wine. "Here's to a nice
dinner," I said, hoping it wouldn't be our last.

Alexander handed me a small package wrapped with Thanksgiving (turkey)
paper.

"For me?"

"It's not what you think it is."

"And what would that be?"

"Whatever you think it is."

I nervously fondled it. *A ring? But that would be absolutely insane?*
(*as if the rest of my life isn't insane?*) *We just met and barely know
each other.* I shook the package. "An armoire?"

Alexander laughed. "That's about the size I could afford." He took out
an identical package from his inside jacket pocket. "Hint: they're
matching."

I shook the package. "Swimsuits? Matching swimsuits!"

"Hmmmm. Not a bad idea. Maybe for Christmas?"

"Ah ha! Panties? You bought us matching panties?"

"Are you serious?"

"Just for the record, Alexander Morgan, I don't care if you wear men's
underwear, women's underwear, or even if---heaven forbid---you don't
wear *any* underwear*.*"

"What if I told you right now that I was wearing women's underwear?"

I inched closer, giggling, "Are you, Alexander Morgan?"

"Of course not!"

"It wouldn't bother me in the least and I'm not just saying that, and
you can take back that smirk." I cautiously and slowly unwrapped the
paper. "A Fu Manchu?" I exclaimed, surprised and somewhat relieved. I
stretched long across the table and kissed him. Delicious! "This is so
sweet." Off balance, I quickly scooted back, otherwise I would have
collapsed in his arms---not a bad idea---but I was starving, and so was
Alexander.

"You *will* take it off before you kiss me?"

``If that's what you want, Alexander. Although sometimes it's easy to
forget, like just last week, I was at the mall and had to pee really
bad. Heading toward the ladies' room, this woman practically tackled me,
blocking my entrance, saying it was for women only. I forced my way
past, insisting that I was a woman, not sure why she was so upset. I
locked the stall door and sat down, suddenly realizing that I was
wearing my Fu Manchu. I heard her outside complaining to a security
guard, so I slipped it off and stuck it under the backside of my bra. I
opened the stall door, unloosened my blouse, exposing my breasts, spread
my legs and was inserting a tampon when they entered.

"'Do you mind!' I screamed, shutting the door."

"The guard profusely apologized---it was quite obvious that I was a
woman."

"'But she---she had a beard', the lady insisted. 'I saw it!'"

"The security guard apologized, closed my door and ushered her outside."

"Did that make you feel good?" Alexander asked. "Deceiving her?"

"I didn't deceive her---I honestly forgot. If I *had* remembered, I
would have removed it. But you should have seen the look on her face,
like I was a child molester or something. For what? Peeing in the
*wrong* bathroom?"

Alexander refilled our wine glasses. "The same thing happened to me at
the bank a while back: I went to take a leak in what I thought was the
men's room---I had to go so bad that I guess I wasn't paying attention.
Inside, I was looking for a urinal with my friggin' dick in my hand,
surprising the hell out of this woman doing her make-up."

"I should say! And how'd you know she was a woman?"

"I know a woman when I see one. She demanded to know what I was doing,
threatening to call security. I still thought it was the men's room and
that *she* was intruding, but not seeing any urinals, I slowly realized
that *I* had made the mistake. I apologized for being an idiot, said I
couldn't wait and entered the stall."

"Did you sit down?"

"Of course not."

"If the shoes were reversed and you were in the men's room and this
woman entered, how would you react?"

"Depends on her objective."

"What objective could there possibly be other than peeing? What was
yours entering the ladies' room?"

"That was an honest mistake."

"When you realized, what did you do?"

"I went about my business. Urgently. Then left I as soon as I could,
embarrassed as hell."

"So why would a woman's motive be any different?" I asked, rising. "I'm
a woman and the last place on earth I'd want to meet a guy is the men's
room."

"I can think of worse places."

From the refrigerator I retrieved the food and quickly microwaved it. I
dished us each a plate, while Alexander refilled our wine glasses. We
sat down, opposite; smiling at each other. I extended my legs and
straightened my dress, admiring how beautiful everything was and how
perfect everything smelled. "Here's to a nice dinner." I said, clinking
Alexander's glass.

After just a few bites of steak, his smile abruptly disappeared.

"I cooked it rare. I can cook it more if you'd like."

Alexander shook his head, placing his silverware alongside his plate.
"Rachel told me what happened," he said calmly, looking into my eyes.
"Sunday, after you returned home."

My heart sank. "Exactly what did she say?"

"That you got attacked by wild birds and two teenage boys rescued you.
God must have been watching over you."

"What do you mean?"

"Those two boys didn't just happen to be there. God must have a plan for
you."

I cut my steak into minute pieces. "Alexander, do you remember that
young girl that you met on the cruise?"

"I met a lot of *girls* on that cruise."

"She came up to us on the dance floor. Remember? You asked if she was
looking for her parents. Two days later she took her own life. So where
was God? Was that in his plan?"

"God didn't take her life."

"Of course he did. It's like giving someone a loaded gun hoping she
doesn't shoot herself; or leading someone blindfolded to a precipice,
hoping she doesn't fall. Our lives aren't fully scripted, there's no
master plan, no one's watching over us. Sometimes chance can alter one's
life for the better and sometimes for the worse."

"She was a coward."

"Really, Alexander. That's all you can say? A coward? Someone who had
the courage to stand up to the whole world, while everyone else was
against her?"

"She was born a male---how did you expect people to treat her?"

"Sometimes God makes mistakes."

I switched subjects. It had been a long day, a long week, and I wanted
to talk about something else---anything.
