## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

It was well after midnight and I couldn't sleep, upset that Alexander
was about to become the first non-family causality of my father's
ambition. Determined to not let that happen, I sprang out of bed, flung
on a pair of sweats and drove to my parents. Even though their house in
Newton was only a twenty-minute drive, it could have been on Mars for
all the times that I've visited (and them likewise).

No sooner had I parked in the driveway when an upstairs hall light
flickered on. The three-story house loomed smaller than I remembered and
the surrounding oak trees more menacing, with long-stretching branches
threatening to envelop the house.

I rang the doorbell. The outside light clicked on.

"What do you want?" demanded my father through the intercom.

"We need to talk."

"About what?"

"I know about the concrete."

My father opened the door.

"Is the whole bank like that," I asked, "or just the vault?"

"What the hell are you talking about?"

"I can sample every inch of the bank if you'd like. I also know about
the cash to Walter, and to the building inspector and to the concrete
inspector."

"Who's there?" my mother asked, tepidly descending the stairs. "Joanna?
Is that you? Have you been drinking?"

"It's amazing how little you know about what's really going on" I said
to my mother. "Ask him some night during dinner; it'll give you two
something to talk about." Then to my father, "I want Walter fired
immediately."

"What?" my mother cried. "You can't do that."

"Just watch me."

My father schussed her quiet. "I've no reason to fire him," he said,
gritting his teeth.

Rachel called. I let it go to voicemail

"Don't listen to her," my mother said, clutching my father's arm. "She
*has* been drinking."

"You can listen to me or not listen to me, but if he isn't fired
immediately, I will take this public, starting with CCB." I started to
leave, then returned. "And if anything happens to Alexander, I'll---"

"So *that's* what this is about?"

"If he falls off a roof, gets hit over the head with a two-by-six,
steps on a nail, gets struck

by lightning---if his mother gets hit by lightning---you'll have a major
lawsuit. I'm not going to stand idle while you destroy my grandfather's
company." I stormed away without a goodbye.

Rachel called. I picked up on the first ring.

"Where are you?" she asked, alarmed.

"I had to see my father, sweetie. Urgent business."

"At this hour?"

"Alexander's about to be fired and I'm not going to let that happen. You
OK?"

"I'm in your bed. I can't sleep. You'll be home soon?"

"Yes. I'm on my way."
