## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

During coffee break the next morning Paul was boasting of his newest
invention: A cigarette, that once lit, never goes out. "So you don't
waste time lighting up every hour. Think of the money saved."

"That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard," Nick said, lighting
a cigarette as if on cue. "It's when you light one up---that
self-satisfied split second, when the world could be on fire, but you're
calm as hell---that's when you actually think of shit. All the world's
great inventions started like that. Like the Wright brothers. One Sunday
afternoon, they was taking a break outside their garage, pissed that
they hadn't had a day off in months. Wilbur lit a cigarette and exhaled
toward the sky and that's when he got the bright idea of inventing the
goddamned airplane. With an airplane under their belts, he says
convincingly to his brother, they could finally afford to take off
weekends and get out of the bike business once and for all. And Henry
Ford, whose wife, as everyone knew, wouldn't allow smoking in the house,
so one evening, he was outside stewing in his garden in the middle of
all his tomato plants. He lit one up and right then and there, and got
the bright idea of inventing the Model T. And Da Vinci, was pissed that
he had to work four weekends in a row and couldn't go fishing with his
buddies. On coffee break one Sunday afternoon, he was laying on his back
on the goddamned grass, staring at the clouds; he lit one up and decided
to paint the goddamned chapel ceiling instead of the foyer walls like he
was supposed to."

"That was Michelangelo, you dip-shit," Abe said.

"Maybe *you* should start smoking," I said to Paul. "So you can think of
shit people actually need."

Nick offered Paul a cigarette.

"Give him the whole pack," I said. "Whatever happened to that snapper of
yours?"

"It's almost done."

"*Almost done*? It takes two minutes to weld it together."

"I'm fine-tuning it."

"*Fine-tuning it*?"

Suddenly Phil slammed open his trailer door, heading straight toward us.
He abruptly stopped, getting a telephone call.

"Must be Zachary," Walter said, watching Phil scribble notes on a
scratch pad. "He ain't flappin' his arms up and down like a friggin'
windmill, objectin' and complainin'."

"He better be careful with that envelope," Gary said, pointing to a
green and white envelope, usually reserved to pay subcontractors,
dangling from his front pocket.

"Ha!" Abe said. "Remember when Phil accidentally paid the *wrong*
sub---in cash---before he'd done any work, and then he denied
everything?"

"That'd be enough to get any of us fired," I said.

"And then telling Zachary that a gust of wind blew it away." Nick added,
laughing.

Phil had barely clicked his phone, when he was approached by someone,
looking like a subcontractor.

"Now there's a rare sight," Nick said. "A sub looking for money."

"And an even rarer sight," added Abe. "A sub not waving his arms up and
down in anger."

"How about a Phil robot for your next invention," Abe said to Paul. "So
we can pay the goddamned bills on time."

"His next invention?" I objected. "How can there be a next invention
when there ain't never been a first?"

"So why ain't Phil payin' him?" said Walter. "And why ain't the sub
pissed as hell?"

"That's how he is," I said. "Never taking the blame for nothing."

"Maybe he's laying one of us off," Gary said, looking directly at me.

"Not a good time to be layin' anyone off," said Walter. "Especially the
kid. Two months before the holidays?"

"Companies do it all the time," Nick said, lighting another cigarette.

"So they don't have to pay no Christmas bonus," Paul added.

"When was the last time *we* got a goddamned bonus of any kind?" Nick
asked.

"Phil's here to lay the kid off," said Gary. "Mark my words."

"Why would anyone mark your words?" Abe asked. "You've never been
right about
nothing."

"Are you kidding?" I said. "If he was laying me off, he'd be grinning
from one end of his face to the other, jumping up and down like a
friggin' baboon. He would've been here at six o'clock this morning. This
would've been the highlight of his friggin' career."

"The kid's right," Walter admitted.

"Maybe *he's* being laid off and he has to give the envelope to
himself?" Abe suggested.

"He'd even screw that up," I said.

"You don't lay someone off in the middle of the day," said Walter.
"Unless he fucked up
then and there."

I suddenly remembered my encounter with Mr. Hudson, my lunch at *The
Edge*, and
signing Paul's name for the compactor.

"Maybe he's giving us a bonus checks for all the times we saved his
ass?" said Abe.

"Ain't no envelope big enough," Walter said.

The sub, or whoever he was, bid goodbye. The two shook hands. Phil
approached us slowly, the envelope dangling in his pocket even more
precariously; his eyes riveted on Walter. My phone vibrated. I didn't
dare answer. It went to voicemail. Phil, hands shaking, handed Walter
the envelope.

"What's this?" Walter asked. With a razor knife from his pocket, he slit
open the envelope. "A check? Last week's overtime?"

"Two weeks' pay," Phil said, his voice cracking.

"*Two weeks' pay?* So why's my name on it?"

"It wasn't my decision," Phil said in a slightly stronger voice.

"Then *whose* decision was it?" Walter asked, finally realizing what
was happening.

"Zachary's."

"*Zachary's?*" Walter whipped out his cell phone: "Zachary! What the
fuck's goin' on!
Call me!" Walter tore the check into pieces.

"That was stupid," said Phil.

"I'm goin' back to work until Zachary clears this up."

"You've been fired," retorted Phil, seemingly more confident. "By Zachary.
And if you
don't vacate the premise, you'll be arrested for trespassing. Zachary's
orders. Is that what you want?" Phil asked reaching for his cell phone.

No answer.
