## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

Rachel must have slipped into my office while I was on the phone,
catching up on my emails, like I do every Sunday morning. She sat on the
edge of my much-used (and unfortunately, worn-out sofa bed (a vestige
from my law school days, which I can't seem to part with) painting her
nails, plum red---not her best color.

It was 7.00 AM, terribly early for Rachel, especially on a Sunday.

She smiled when I got off the phone, chatting incessantly about her
impromptu trip---her lively staccato voice exuding long-lost
confidence---later that morning to Faneuil Hall to shop, buy some
earrings, walk along the harborside in the rain, the Seaport District,
then the North End for espresso. She invited me along, forgetting that I
work every Sunday, finishing stuff from the week before and the week
before that.

Rachel suddenly stood up and opened the French doors overlooking my
pool, ushering in a warm breeze hinting of rain. "Did Alexander leave
for work?" she asked. "I wanted to chat with him this morning and
noticed his truck was gone."

"Chat about what?"

"Nothing really. Just wanted to thank him for all his support; it's been
so unexpected."

"He really cares about you, sweetie; almost as much as I do." I then
explained that his mother invited us to the 8.00 mass and then to
brunch.

"So why didn't you go?" she asked in a tone of voice suggesting I had
committed an egregious crime for letting Alexander go alone, that
nothing was more important than meeting his mother. Indeed, Alexander
had invited me, but I politely declined because of my work backlog; and
to be honest, because I was worried about Rachel, more so than usual.

"And leave all this?" I said, throwing up my arms.

"You can take off a Sunday now and then."

"Actually, I can't, sweetie." I was surprised at the temerity of the
tone, especially her knowing full well that I have to work every
Sunday just to catch up. "And besides, I've already met his mother," I
said, typing into my computer. "We've had lunch several times, and we
get along quite well."

Rachel glanced at my oak bookshelves filled with rows and rows of books.
"You've read all these?"

"Most," I quickly replied, glancing at her, pleasantly surprised by her
question; the first time she had ever asked about my books. "And the
rest I'm sure I will someday."

She pushed my bookcase ladder to the left, as far it would go, pulling
out a book. "*Half of a Yellow Sun?*"

"It's wonderful."

"There's a movie?" Rachel asked, flipping through the pages.

"I haven't seen it."

While Rachel sat on the edge of my sofa bed reading, I escaped to the
kitchen to make an impromptu breakfast of cantaloupe, strawberries,
blueberries, fresh cut parmesan, and coffee. When I returned, Rachel was
thoroughly engrossed in *Half of a Yellow Sun*; the first time I had
ever seen her reading a book.

I placed the breakfast tray between us and sat next to her.

"The author has a lot to say," Rachel said.

"It's about a civil war. In Nigeria."

"I'm not reading it that way."

"Yes, I suppose you can read it on several levels. Why don't you take it
with you, sweetie, stick it in your purse?"

"That's Ok. I'll read it later."

"My office door is always open. It's never locked. You're always welcome
to come in and read, even when I'm working."

"I *have* snuck in a couple of times. It's the coziest room with your
fireplace and the bright sunlight. One afternoon I started reading
*Women in Love* and couldn't put it down. Ha! If ever there was a title
for me: A woman still in love with her ex-wife and falling in love with
a man."

I was anxious to chat about *Women in Love* and about D.H. Lawrence, one
of my favorite authors, who was always comfortably ahead of his time,
when she abruptly rose, kissed me goodbye, excited (and anxious) to be
meeting her newfound boyfriend James in Faneuil Hall briefly before he
headed into Logan.

She left for Faneuil Hall joyous---the happiest she had been in a long
time.
\

Ideally, I like to cook my pot roast the night before, first letting it
marinate in Maria's mojo (adding a touch of blueberries, although Maria
adamantly insisted that blueberries weren't necessary, that they would
be subdued by the sour oranges, but I disagreed: the blueberries give it
a sweetness that it might not otherwise have; and they can hold
their own vis-a-vis the garlic. By the way, I think that was our only
disagreement regarding cooking although Maria did compliment me that her
aunt probably would have done so) but with so much happening yesterday,
I just couldn't. So I was a tad dismayed that my first-time pot roast
for Alexander was not going to be as good. I thought about making
barbequed meatloaf instead or perhaps lemon garlic chicken, which I
hadn't made in a while (and perfect for such a gloomy, misty day) but
decided to go with the roast, welcoming the same-day challenge.

But instead of oxtail soup, I made portabella mushroom soup, not because
it was easier (I always like a challenge) or because I had a bevy of
portabellas in the bough of maple trees behind my basketball court that
I was anxious to use, but that I had suddenly remembered Alexander
raving about the portabella mushroom soup at the Old Post Inn, that it
was the best he ever had, the night of my confession and I was
determined to best it. And besides, with the spotty rain steadying, it
was perfect weather for mushroom soup. (My secret is to add an eighth of
a sour orange, an eighth of a granny smith apple, and a splash of
blueberries. Although it sounds overpowering, it really isn't: somehow
it brings out the flavor of the portabella mushrooms like nothing else
can. And Maria approved!)

I was in a girlish mood---excited that this would be Alexander's first
of many Sunday dinners (hopefully), although today it would be just the
two of us, with Rachel promising to arrive for coffee and Tres Leches. I
wore a puffy-sleeved, white blouse, and a red plaid skirt with a pretty,
matching scarf. Flirty and playful, yes, although most women would laugh
that I looked like a priggish schoolgirl. But so what?

At two o'clock the doorbell rang. It was Alexander, exactly on time,
looking really cute in jeans, a black causal jacket, and a black
tee-shirt. A cool, heavy rain was falling. I led him through my kitchen
and then into the A-frame for a poolside, before-dinner Scotch (another
inheritance from my grandfather, although it took a while before I had
actually acquired a taste for it. 'Genes,' my grandfather always teased,
whenever we would enjoy a Scotch together, 'it's all in the jeans').

A distant splash of thunder.

I made us each a Scotch listening to Alexander update on his sisters,
his mother, his mother's fiancé, his mother's wedding plans; nodding
occasionally, thinking about Rachel, wondering if she was OK, if she was
still at Faneuil Hall having coffee with James, if she had found any
earrings, if her mood was still good, if it was raining in Boston.

Suddenly my phone rang. I immediately answered anticipating Rachel. But
it was work. I promised to call back after dinner. Alexander and I
clinked our glasses, excited for an afternoon together. But I was
becoming increasingly worried about Rachel. I decided to call her,
before dinner, just to hear her voice.

"How are you sweetie?" I asked, putting the phone on speaker, knowing
that Alexander wouldn't mind.

"I'm at Faneuil Hall," she answered ebulliently, somewhat putting me at
ease. "I bought a pretty pair of turquoise dangle earrings!"

"How was coffee with James?"

"Absolutely wonderful! I can't wait for you to meet him."

"Send some pictures!"

"He invited me to Amsterdam with him next month! And we're meeting for
dinner when he flies home Wednesday night."

"Why don't you take him to Maria's; it's the best in town."

"Hold on. My mother's calling. I *suppose* I have to answer."

"Just let it go to voicemail and enjoy your afternoon, sweetie."

"If I don't answer, she'll keep bugging me all day."

"Let it go to voicemail."

"Gotta go! Give Alexander a hug for me and save me a *big* piece of Tres
Leches!"

"She sounds great?" said Alexander.

I tersely nodded.

My phone rang. Rachel calling back? Perhaps her mother? But it was work.
Too important to ignore and too important to let go to voicemail, I
excused myself to take it in my office, worried that it might take
longer than either of us wanted.

Alexander popped in once. Then again.

Finally finished, I took Alexander's hand and led him into the kitchen,
asking him to open a bottle of red wine: Menage a Trois Merlot 2008,
while I placed the food on the table and dished our plates.

"It has a lush bouquet with an unsuspecting loftiness," Alex said. "A
tad conceited but well-deserved. Unabashedly deceitful, delectably
hinting of berries fully ripened, tantalizing with a peppery
seductiveness."

"You didn't even taste it yet!"

"That way I'm not biased in making my review."

"Maria's looking for a good wine steward."

"I only do red," Alexander said pouring me a glass. "If that works for
her. Although I suppose I could say the same stuff for white wine?"

"It's delicious," I said, sipping the wine, as I knew it would be. And
there's nothing peppery."

"Berries?"

I shook my head. My phone rang. A short yes/no answer. And then again.
This time I let it go to voice mail, apologizing to Alexander that this
is why I work on Sundays.

"You need a friggin' secretary."

"How about a *friggin'* deal: No friggin' phones during friggin'
dinner?"

"Does that include friggin' dessert?"

"If you'd friggin' like."

"You OK?" he asked, feeling my forehead.

I shut my phone off, handing it to Alexander. "Hide it in the kitchen
drawer."

"What good is that? You know where it is."

"I promise I won't use it until Rachel's home."

"Can I get that in writing?"

Alexander devoured his portabella mushroom room. "This is the best I've
ever had!"

"You said that about the Inn's."

"I hadn't had yours."

"I added a touch of chili sauce and a touch of Cuban sour orange, not
enough to overpower the mushrooms; in fact, you hardly notice it, and
only if you're looking."

Alexander also praised my pot roast. When I apologized that it would've
been a lot better had I started cooking the night before, he was
befuddled how such a delicious dish could have been any better. He loved
my black beans (I made them myself), my Cuban bread (which I also made);
and couldn't get enough of the fried plantains (his first time), eating
them like candy, and of course Maria's mojo, which was quite exceptional
even by her standards. But he didn't like the taste or the texture of
the Cassava---which admittedly takes some getting used to---especially
after I explained that eaten raw it's lethal, so it has to be thoroughly
cooked.

"Then why bother?" Alexander asked. "Especially with so much other shit
available?"

I explained that Cassava has always been one of my favorites, and like
so many things in life, has to be transformed to be palatable, but then
again it was and always will be Cassava.

We talked about the much-needed rain, his work, my work, and practically
everything else except Rachel. To be honest, I was glad to have a break
from her, and I'm sure Rachel was delighted that I hadn't called her in
1 hour and nineteen and a half minutes.

With Alexander having thirds of everything (except the Cassava) and me
eating at my usual snail's pace, we finished at about the same time.

"How about a walk?" I suggested, pushing my dish aside.

"In the rain?"

"It'll be fun." I stood up and took his hand. "Come on! We'll have
dessert later. And no cell phones. Just you and me and an umbrella."

"Stan?"

"He doesn't like the rain."

"What's your record for being without a cell phone?"

"I just bested it halfway through dinner."

"You having withdrawals? I noticed your hands shaking."

I kissed him and led him outside into the cool, soothing rain, past my
pool, the basketball court, past the mushrooms ready for picking, into
the woods behind my house; listening to the flickering rain, the
rhythmic crunching of the fallen leaves; the canopied trees, ablaze with
bright red and yellow, shielding us, brightening our path as if the day
were clear and the sun bright, my head softly on his shoulder.

Perhaps indeed my hands were shaking during dinner? For I was nervous
about what I was about to say, nervous about Alexander's
reaction---nervous about my own reaction. I had postponed this as long
as possible (although I almost confessed this at the Inn, and perhaps
would've had not I left so early.) If we are to be married (which we
will someday---I know that) he needs to hear this, and to hear it from
me. For if the shoes were reversed, I would like to know, although I can
honestly say it wouldn't make any difference.

"Joanna, most couples discuss this sooner or later," Alexander said
unexpectedly, just as I was about to confess, but with such tenderness,
that I squeezed his hand, pleasantly surprised to hear us referred to as
a couple. We continued walking, listening to the rain. "It's natural to
ask," Alexander said. "Every couple discusses this at some time---have
you ever had sex with anyone? I mean before me?"

I laughed, not at the question---just that it was unexpected, although
Alexander was right: every couple discusses this sooner or later; and to
be honest, I was wondering the same about him. "I've only had sex with
you, Alexander Morgan. Something I don't intend changing."

"Really? Why?"

"*Why*?" I stopped and looked at him. "I don't know *why*. Maybe I've
been working too hard or not hard enough---I never sat down to figure it
out---it's not something I brag about, it's just me right now---how many
women have you slept with Alexander Morgan?"

"Guess?"

"If it's that many, I don't want to know."

"Before I met you. One."

"And since?"

"People assume I sleep with every woman I meet."

"Do you?"

"No."

"Then why would they assume that?"

Alexander shrugged. "Looks, I guess."

"Who was she? The one who never laughed?"

"We were engaged."

"What? You never told me that."

"I broke it off."

"Why?"

"She had absolutely no emotions. At her grandfather's funeral, *I* was
crying, and I hardly knew the bastard, but she was cold as cement. I
told her it's OK to cry and show emotion---I just couldn't go through
life married to someone like that."

"And then you met me!"

He pulled me close; my head nestled on his shoulder. We walked in
silence. I was tempted to never mention what I needed to say (after all,
the effects would barely be noticeable and he would never know
otherwise), to keep walking in the cool, peaceful rain, my head softly
on his shoulder. But I couldn't live with myself if I wasn't completely
honest---that's just who I am.

"Alexander, there's something I have to tell you. Something you must
know about me."

"Christ, I thought I knew all your secrets?"

"There's no secrets Alexander. Everything's out in the open." *Or soon
will be.* "I can't be intimate unless I'm completely honest. You have to
accept me for who I am, warts and all. And, unfortunately, I've a lot
more warts than most. I can't pretend I'm someone else and then have you
love me for someone I can never be."

"What are you trying to say? Are you seeing someone else?"

"No. And I've no intention."

"Then what is it?"

I looked away, so tempted to never mention this again. "Alexander...I'm
talking a very slight estrogen blocker...and an extremely light dosage
of testosterone."

"What? What did you just say?"

Perhaps I had gone too far? Perhaps there really wasn't a need to
mention this, especially with the effects barely noticeable. But if I
hadn't said anything, I couldn't live with myself, knowing full well
that he loves me for someone I'm not. I felt relieved when I told him,
even more so than after my confession at the Old Post Inn. "It's called
survival, Alexander. If I hadn't said anything, you'd never notice; it's
such a light dosage. The effects are barely noticeable."

"Dosage? Effects? *What* effects? What're you talking about!"

"A very slight decrease in breast size. Slightly more body hair which I
can shave off. My skin won't be as smooth, but I can use lotion. More
energy. Lower blood pressure. It's not enough to affect libido, or even
getting pregnant."

"I can't believe this!"

"If I hadn't told you wouldn't have noticed anything. I can only be
intimate with you if I'm completely honest." I looked Alexander directly
in his eyes. "And I do want to be honest with you."

"So this is supposed to make *me* want to be intimate with you?"

My eyes started watering. "No one's forcing you to be intimate. No one's
forcing you to stay. I've told you everything about me without sugar
coating. If that's not acceptable, if that's not good enough, then leave
and go find your normal woman."

"Fine," he said, briskly walking away. "Maybe I'll just do that."
