## Alexander Morgan
\titlemark

"Where've you been?" demanded Walter.

Snapping turtles---all of them---crouched in a circle waiting to snap.
You'd think they'd be relaxed, basking in the shade, waiting for their
hand-delivered morning coffee.

"We thought you took the rest of the day off," Walter said. He was
sitting on an overturned plastic bucket, underneath a lone,
yellow-leaved oak tree.

"How can he take the rest of the day off when he ain't even worked the
first part?" said Abe, squeezed next to Walter on a stack of old
newspapers; his back against the water barrel.

"He's got a point, kid," Nick said to me, lighting a cigarette. He sat
on a stack of two-by-fours, opposite Walter.

"Where's my coffee, kid?" Walter asked. "It's almost time for lunch."

"Did you get my hot water?" asked Gary, squished next to Abe.

"Hot water?" I said. "You didn't ask for no hot water."

"I most certainly did. I told Walter to---"

"You didn't mention nothing about no hot water," I said to Walter, who
seemed to be busying himself with his coffee.

"I did kid, you wasn't listenin'."

I handed Gary his coffee, then showed everyone Gary's order from my cell
phone, while reading Walter's words: "Gary wants a small black coffee,
no cream and *no* sugar. And one friggin' bran muffin. Get goin' kid,
it's almost time for lunch."

"Sounds like something you'd say," said Nick.

"Hot water?" Abe asked Gary.

 "With my new diet I'm drinking nothing but tea."

 "*New* diet?" asked Walter.

 "It's a new week," I noted.

 "All the tea in goddamned China won't help you lose a goddamned
 ounce," said Abe.

Gary, unwrapping his muffin, turned toward me: "I supposed you had both
sides buttered?"

"I figured that with starting a *new* diet you'd only want one."

"See, the kid's always thinkin'," said Walter.

"It's called anticipation." I was sitting on the bare ground on Nick's
left, against a stack of two-by-fours still wet with morning dew.
Closing my eyes, I inhaled its sweet, apple cider perfume. The fifteen
minutes for coffee break seemed like an eternity.

Nick tugged my shoulder. "You'll get worms sitting on the goddamned
ground."

"Paul out sick again?" asked Gary.

"Jealous?" Abe asked.

"Well, well, well; speaking of the goddamned devil," Nick said, as Paul
slumbered in, his tall skinny frame hunched like a camel.

"You're the slowest fuckin' rod-snapper I've ever seen," Abe said.

"My change?" Paul demanded, sitting on Nick's right.

"I'll get it after coffee."

"You should see him dab cement on them holes," Gary said. "Like he was
Picasso or someone."

"You're jealous because you didn't get that job," Walter said.

"Christ, if he did," added Nick, "he'd ask Phil for a goddamned addition
just to keep workin' on them goddamned holes."

Gary wiped his face with a handkerchief. "I thought about it, but with
my back there ain't no way I could work like that for eight friggin'
hours."

"Since when you ever worked eight friggin' hours?" Walter said. "Maybe
if you did some work now and then you wouldn't have no back problems.
I'm your age but you don't hear me complainin' about my friggin' back
every wakin' hour."

"Hey Walter," Nick suggested. "Give Alex some newspapers to sit on."

"He can get his own."

Nick tugged my shoulder. "With Zella here, you'll have to move our
trailers so they can start grading."

Walter cleared his throat, smiling; a smile that boasted of advanced,
privileged knowledge. "Just this mornin' Zachary said this tree's
stayin'."

"Talking to Zachary again?" Gary asked.

"In fact, this little section right here ain't bein' hot-topped at all.
They're keepin' the tree and makin' a little oasis so the bank employees
can eat their friggin' lunch outside."

"What about the rest of the parking lot?" I asked.

"From here to the bank, asphalt," Walter replied, beaming as if it was
his own idea. "And from here to the back alley, grass."

"I was thinking---" said Paul.

"A fuckin' first," Nick said, a cigarette dangling from his lower lip,
as if held tight by a groove. I tried that once, but sucked the
cigarette into my mouth, practically singeing my tongue.

"I was thinking why no one's invented nothing for snapping them rods
off. It wouldn't take much: take a six-inch, open-ended pipe, smooth it,
paint it; then attach a compressor to the sucker, just like a chipping
hammer."

"No one would buy it," Gary snorted. "Them open-ended pipes are a
dime-a-dozen."

Walter balanced his half-eaten bran muffin on the rim of his coffee cup.
Either his muscular hands were too big for his small body, or his body
too small for his fast-moving hands as if they had a life of their own,
as if they were pushing and pulling and coaxing the slow-forming words
out of his mouth---and sometimes they would intimate a completely
different line of thought before words could follow. "Ever since
foundations have been poured, them rods have been taken out the same
friggin' way. I did it, you're doin' it, and---"

"He's right," added Nick. "You can't sell nothin' no one wants to buy."

"It takes me two days to snap off them rods," Paul said.

"Only two hours with a friggin' torch," I noted.

"And my invention can do it in *one* hour," said Paul with newfound
confidence. "Think of the savings."

I could tell Paul was itching to say something like, *'I'll be rich
someday and then I'll show all you bastards.'* Every week he dreams up a
new invention, but to be honest, they all suck. Like last week's
retractable, pocket-sized cat's paw, especially made for women. Can you
imagine! I've dated lots of women and I've yet to meet one who knew---or
even wanted to know---how to use a cat's paw.

 Walter blew his nose on a napkin. "So, what you call this friggin'
 invention of yours?"

He inspected the napkin as if searching for lost change, crumpled it,
and tossed it in the water barrel.

Paul frowned.

"How can you invent something without first naming it?" I asked. "Anyone
can *think* of shit to invent. No wonder all your ideas suck."

 "How about the all-purpose snapper?" offered Gary.

 Everyone laughed, except Paul, of course.

 "How about a video?" I suggested. "Paul busting his skinny ass,
 manually snapping off
each rod, taking all day just for one, then Gary snapping, not even
breaking a sweat."

"We don't want it too realistic," said Abe.

"I'll call it *The Cabrini*."

"You don't name something after yourself, you dipshit," I said. "Call it
what it does, so everyone knows what the hell it is."

Lisa texted me, "Hello???"

 "It's that time," Walter said, rising from his bucket.

 That's how he ends every break, like we're about to march off a cliff
 or something.

 "Time for what?" I asked.

 "What'd you think?" Nick flicked his cigarette butt at me.

 "You can't sit on your ass all mornin'."

 "Why don't you ask Zella to join us for afternoon coffee," Nick
 suggested.

 Walter nodded. "Not a bad idea kid."

 "They can get their own."

Walter took my arm. "Listen kid, you want people rememberin' you as the
prick who never bought coffee? Asphalt guys remember shit like this:
here just for a few days, then onto the next job, spreadin' news like
friggin' wildfire." He tightened his grip. "If you want to get elected
AFL-CIO president, you have to make people remember you."

"I'll vote for you just to get your ass out of here," Nick said,
lighting a cigarette.

Walter removed a wad of bills from his wallet, handing me a twenty.
"Every bastard you meet is a friggin' vote."

"Christ Almighty!" exclaimed Nick. "How'd you get so loaded?"

"So, doing shit jobs and scrounging everyone's coffee will get me
elected?"

Walter waved me away. "Get goin' kid, it's almost time for lunch."
