## Joanna Turnus
\titlemark

Our first vacation---if you want to call it that---was the summer before
sixth grade. Even deciding *where* to go was a major ordeal. My mother
insisted on North Falmouth---she had vacationed there as a teenager and
craved the salt air, the morning fog, the seafood. My father adamantly
objected, insisting on camping in the Green Mountains. I had no idea
why, other than Vermont was the one place my mother didn't want to go.
(My father hated the ocean, hated being near it, and hated being in
it---at least that's what he had told me.)

I was surprised when they asked for my vote, surprised that for the
first time they had asked my opinion about anything. Perhaps in a normal
family I would have abstained rather than automatically offend one
person, but ours was not a normal family. I sided with my mother.

We rented a cottage one block from the beach. It rained the first two
days, relentless and torrential, with fierce winds blowing the rain
sideways against the house, against the windows. A record-breaking
tropical depression had stalled right over the Cape. Seventeen inches of
rain in two days. Nothing worse than vacationing at the beach in the
rain with your parents. Nothing to do but watch movies, sleep, read,
play solitaire. Of course, it was sunny and warm in Vermont, as my
father constantly reminded us; I don't know why he even stayed.

On the afternoon of the third day the rain had stopped, the sky
brightened with broken patches of blue. Everyone went to the beach.
Water had pooled on the road, on the rain-drenched lawns, but no one
cared---the rain had finally stopped.

The salt air mixed with sweet-smelling seaweed intoxicated me. Two
distant fog horns alternated pitches: one low, one high. Dark thundery
clouds lingered on the horizon. Boiling waves spat up broken lobster
traps, logs, soda bottles, plastic bags, and oily-brown seaweed that
glistened in the misty sunlight. I never knew the sea contained so much
waste yet was so eager to give it up.

My father took off his shirt and handed it to my mother. As he dove into
one wave then another, I wondered how a normal daughter in a normal
family would feel watching her father battle the waves. Would she be
scared? Would she scream? If a wave knocked him unconscious, submerging
him, how would she react? What would she do?

My father treaded water, catching his breath. Beyond, about fifty feet
or so, was an anchored raft tossed about by the heavy surf. He glanced
at it, then at me. Through the mist-brightened sunlight, he had that
same hateful look as he had that recent warm spring morning.

I was in our bathroom, the window open, readying myself for school;
happy, giddy even, breathing deep the sweet perfume of the outside
lilacs. I was in a girly mood. Such moods were becoming more frequent
and more unpredictable (I didn't understand it then, but my "natural"
hormones were slowly changing me into a woman, surreptitiously usurping
my body) and would often, like a riptide, channel me far away. I never
fought them---how could I when I didn't understand (then) what was
happening?

I liked best weaving my hair slightly up and to the right, but of course
I didn't have any barrettes, so I asked my mother, nicely, of course, to
borrow some---the first time I had ever asked for any girly things. I
mean, it wasn't like I was asking for mascara or lip gloss, just two
stupid barrettes. Silly me thinking it was an OK question to ask, silly
me for thinking it was a normal daughter-mother question.

I heard commotion on the stairs. I expected my mother, excited, rushing
to help me. Did she finally realize that I was a girl, and was pleased
that I finally wanted to dress like one? I hurried to the landing, my
hair falling over my eyes; then tossing it back I was surprised to see
my father charging the steps, alone. Did my mother faint or have a heart
attack and he was rushing us to the hospital?

I swear he flew off the last two steps. Maybe he did. In that
eternity-long, split-second before his hand hit my forehead with such
ferocity that I stumbled backwards, I covered my face so I couldn't see
his elongated disgust, his crazed, twisted revulsion. I don't remember
what happened next, not that I blacked out (I don't think I did) but I
was numb, so numb that even if he had lacerated my arms, I wouldn't have
felt anything.

My father selected a large wave and body-surfed, perfectly extending his
arms and legs. As the wave ebbed, he pushed himself up, peeling strips
of oily-brown seaweed from his shoulders, basking in the attention. Just
behind, a huge brown wave was rolling, churning, surging. My mother
faintly smiled as the wave engulfed him, thrashing him in the brown surf
before spitting him up on the beach like a wayward lobster trap. He laid
face down, motionless. My mother watched as one man rolled him over and
another gave him mouth-to-mouth forcing him to cough water.

We approached tepidly, trying to feign emotion---we had to: everyone was
watching.

My father sat upright, gripping his chest. My mother tossed him his
shirt, muttering about his stupidity. He stood up; wiping his
face, he tilted his head, shaking water from his ears. He threw his
shirt over his shoulder, glared at me, then staggered toward the
cottage.

That night I couldn't sleep, harassed by my father's snoring. I don't
remember leaving the cottage, or walking to the beach, or why I was
wearing only one shoe, or if the water was calm, or warmer than the air,
or if the wind had subsided, or if the surf was still rough. At the
beach, I dove deep, skimming the sandy bottom; then surfacing, I flipped
over, swimming backwards toward the raft, imagining being far away. The
water caressed and soothed me, not caring if I was male or female, not
noticing that my breasts were growing---changing me into someone I
didn't want to become, that my body was curving, that I never wore
makeup, that my hair was short, that I was the only girl in sixth grade
without pierced ears; that deep down inside I wanted to be a boy.

I treaded water for a bit, catching my breath; then alligator-like,
skimmed the surface towards the raft. I pulled myself up, washed away
the seagull turds and sat down on the gristly surface. An enveloping
peace infused me. I curled up and drifted asleep, seduced by the distant
foghorns: one loud, one soft... one loud, one soft.
